nutella hot chocolate
Great outfit for cold weather
I feel guilty I love the colours in this, and the fridge. Have I finally got tired of pink?
Lime Chicken grilled pizza....
Using a cookie press large tip for Churro's...
@Rochelle New 's amazing dart tracing method!
Italian Baked Herb Butter Parmesan Chicken
Milano knockoffs
Pic of the Week: Vatanappally Beach, India
What's Cookin' Italian Style Cuisine: Italian Style Shrimp Nutty Orzo Salad
What's Cookin' Italian Style Cuisine: Small Sour Cream Coffee Cake For Two Recipe
What's Cookin' Italian Style Cuisine: Baked Wonton Nutella Filled Turnover Recipe
Curts Delectable Creations: 5 Minute Trifle Desserts and Video
Great review for The Food Traveler's Handbook. http://www.gadling.com/2013/02/22/book-review-the-food-travelers-handbook/#
Disneyland's peanut butter graham recipe.
Solo Travel Safety - choose your strangers, don't let them choose you. http://solotravelerblog.com/solo-travel-safety-my-kind-of-strangers/
Peanut butter cookie bars with Reese’s peanut butter eggs from Roxanashomebaking.com Just like a melt-in-you-mouth peanut butter cookie with an extra peanut butter touch
Italian Stuffed Cabbage Roll Recipe
My kind of BRUNCH CELEBRATION!   Churro French Toast With Caramel Rum Sauce For Cinco De Mayo Recipe
A Mothers Day Brunch to be proud of.
gypsy style
original colour block | hunter
diy: draft a killer mediakit for your blog in 2+1 steps (& other useful info) | girl with a banjo
Chocolate crinkle gluten free cookies. Recipe from Roxanashomebaking.com
caramel apple... this is the best idea ever
Microwave Peanut Butter Fudge by Cravings of a Lunatic
Renee's Kitchen Adventures: Salted Caramel Shortbread Cookies
Pear Tart ~ Your pumpkin alternative holiday dessert recipe.
Lightened Strawberry Pie Food Done Light #strawberrypie #strawberrydessert #lightpie
simple pleasure, just one string of lights for a festive touch to a bare corner
How to Travel Solo http://ow.ly/oT7Gi
READY for this!!! SUP + Yoga: Combining two great activities gives you a chance to actively engage your mind and really engage those balance muscles. ~ sure, why not? I'm sure there'll be lots of splashing before I accomplish this one. #dontcountmeouthough
google analytics tips for bloggers
The Life & Loves of Grumpy's Honeybunch: Chocolate Peppermint Filled Bonbons
Not your everyday chicken dish! Stuffed with Cheddar and cream cheeses, then drenched with a garlic-lemon-butter sauce, your friends and family will be begging you to make this recipe -
Italian fried bows/ribbons (FARFELLETTE) with powdered sugar
Nutella Hot Chocolate
Ritz Cracker Nutella Cookie Sandwiches dipped in white chocolate
Potato Ham Chowder
Blueberry Scones with Blueberry Cream Cheese Frosting | www.diethood.com | Light, fluffy, homemade Blueberry Scones, topped with turbinado sugar and dipped in a creamy, rich and sweet Blueberry Cream Cheese Frosting. | #recipe #scones #blueberryscones #creamcheesefrosting
Apple #Muffins | www.giverecipe.com
Snowy Night, London, England
I need this recipes - healthy seafood recipe round up www.fooddonelight.com
"Bare Minimum Packing – Gear!" http://solotravelerblog.com/gear-books/
Smores Brownies #marchmadness #dessert #chocolate                                                                                                          Shelby Law Ruttan                                                                   • 22 minutes ago                                                                                                   S'more Brownies from The Life and Loves of Grumpy's Honeybunch                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Life Tastes Good                                                                   • That's you!                                                                                                                                                   Comment
Pudding Cake with Lemon Filling
Lemon Poppy Seed Thumbprint Cookies
Twinkie Shortcake from CopyKat.com #dessert #strawberries
Sharing Content Versus Selling Content | braid
The Best Brownies in the World | These are our absolute favourite brownies in the world. We make them time and time again!
French Crepes (PLUS 37 more recipes) for #MothersDay
Veggie Egg Mushroom White Cups recipe
Glass Bridge by Hunter Art Museum (Chattanooga, TN)
Bakeaway with Me: FFWD ~ Skate with Capers, Cornichons, and Brown Butter Sauce
Patriotic Eaton Mess for #Inafriday
Baked Strawberry Cake Doughnuts, cake doughnuts baked and dipped in a thin vanilla glaze, garnished with festive sprinkles!
Cinnamon Roll Cookies
European
Chocolate Peanut Butter Explosion - Desserts Required
Lightened "skinny" Birthday Cake Recipe Round Up www.fooddonelight.com
London and Paris - what I spent in 14 days | Solo Traveler http://solotravelerblog.com/london-and-paris-what-i-spent-in-14-days/
Pumpkin Scones - a Starbucks Copycat Recipe
30+ Yummy Casserole Ideas round up from http://ThisSillyGirlsLife.com
Roasted Red Pepper Fettuccine with Cream Feta Sauce! Taste like a restaurant quality pasta dish - but only a few ingredients! Pasta Perfection!
The two towers, Bologna
homemade frame inspiration for climbing plants
Pineapple Pecan Bread Recipe
Try this simple Glazed Holiday Ham recipe for your next holiday dinner. Everyone will love the brown sugar and honey glaze! #client ‪#‎HolidayRecipes‬
Love the scarf
Thai Chicken & Vegetable Soup & The Perfect Fall Giveaway!
Felt flower wreath
THE STYLE FILES | Page 6
you are never to old for having a great birthday party!
Gluten-Free Chocolate Banana Marbled Muffins - these muffins are moist, delicious and healthy - make them for breakfast as a special treat!
Montana
Nathalie Schwer, Copenhagen by Parker Fitzgerald | Kinfolk
Boozy Ball Cookie Recipe
These low carb chocolate crinkles are a skinny version of the classic Christmas cookie. They might become one of your favorite cookie recipes! ItsYummi.com
Christmas Tree Recipe Ideas
Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Caramelized Onions | Taking On Magazines | A touch of red wine vinegar offsets the sweetness of caramelized onions and roasted Brussels sprouts in this gorgeous, delicious side dish.
Irish Potato Soup
Bakeaway with Me: TWD ~ Baking Chez Moi ~ Granola Energy Bars
Purple broccoli + smoked bacon "malandro" rice
fennel roasted carrot + shallot salad w/ shaved apple | dolly and oatmeal
Solo Travel S U R V I V A L http://solotravelerblog.com/solo-travel-survival/
Cajun Fish Soup
Polenta pizza gluten free with mushrooms
Jazz in New Orleans "America: Thousands of Destinations in One Country" http://solotravelerblog.com/solo-travel-america/
Hillbilly Pi(e) for Pi(e) day
New England Boil Dinner or Boiled Smoked Pork Shoulder Dinner |
New York’s Lower East Side: History and a Swashbuckling Dog http://solotravelerblog.com/new-york-lower-east-side/
the dear ones | oh albatross handmade
//
SUMMER SOLO TRAVEL: Three Themes to Inspire Travel in Europe and NA http://solotravelerblog.com/summer-solo-travel/
Layered Ice Cream Jello | Seduction in the Kitchen
What's Cookin' Italian Style Cuisine: Homemade Ricotta Cheese
Raspberry, Nectarine and Sweet Corn Clafoutis | halfbakedharvest.com @hbharvest
What's Cookin' Italian Style Cuisine: Best Ever Mango Muffin Recipe
Rice Krispies Treats topped with a marshmallow cheesecake layer, homemade caramel sauce, and crushed up M&Ms.
I could ramble on about the incredible butterscotch notes in this Sea Salt Caramel Pudding and its thick, luscious texture.
Turtle Cheesecake Truffles ~ http://steamykitchen.com
.
These Paleo Almond Butter Chocolate Chip Banana Muffins taste just like your mom's homemade banana chocolate chip muffins, except with an creamy almond butter filling. They're gluten-free, grain-free, and sugar-free - these muffins are sweetened with only bananas!
adventure
Patty Melts made with homemade New York deli rye bread  | #pattymelts #burger #sandwich #ryebread #swisscheese
Peanut Butter & Jelly Overnight Oats
Yes, You Can Get There from Here: How to Save Money for Travel http://solotravelerblog.com/how-to-save-money-for-travel/
Mostly Homemade Mom: Cheesy Stuffed Pepper Casserole
Copycat Panera Macaroni and Cheese - Shugary Sweets
Chocolate Chip Pudding Cookie Bars. #CHOCTOBERFEST GIVEAWAY @imperialsugar
Healthy Lunch Box ideas-week 2 - My Mommy Style
Halloween Treat: Cheese and Pretzel Broomsticks
25 Twists On the Classic Pierogie
Lemon Parmesan Green Beans - Super simple skillet green beans. Perfectly crisp-tender, smothered in lemon zest and Parmesan cheese. Easy and flavorful!
No Fail, Sour Cream Pastry Crust ~ Easy, no machine required, buttery, flaky pie crust and pastry crust recipe ~ SimplyRecipes.com
This chocolate buche de noel or Yule Log is a real show-stopper. It's also not very hard to make. With step-by-step process photos and some tips and tricks I share in the recipe, you too can serve this centerpiece dessert at your holiday table! | pastrychefonline.com
15 Perfect Pumpkin Recipes
Affogato al Caffè Italian Coffee | Seduction in the Kitchen
2 Ingredient Nutella Brownies {Gluten Free} - High Heels and Grills
Twix Cookies. Made with a buttery, flaky shortbread base then add some caramel and top with chocolate, these cookies are bound to become a favorite.
simple chili...so delicious!
Spicy Kale and Quinoa Black Bean Salad - vegan, gluten free and oil-free. Crunchy, savory, spicy and absolutely delicious! A crowd-pleasing salad. From The Glowing Fridge.
Sririacha Honey Glazed Chicken Leg Quarters
Pocket Fillers: Little Black Dress
Easy Beef Stroganoff
Fluffy Lemon Lime Angel Food Cake is a citrusy, sunshiny treat that also happens to be mostly fat free! Angel food cake can be difficult to get right, so I also include an angel food cake troubleshooting guide. | pastrychefonline.com
Quick and EASY hot artichoke dip! Takes only 15 minutes to make. GREAT dip for a crowd! #GameDay #Glutenfree On SimplyRecipes.com
Easy Chicken and Dumplings made with Bisquick!
Perfect Pan Seared Steak - A Family Feast
DSC01675 copy
Christine's Pantry: Chopped Salami Salad
50 Haircuts to Copy Right Now | Daily Makeover
Sweet Heat Asian Grilled Shrimp -- An Affair from the Heart -- This Asian Sesame Vegetable Salad with Sweet Heat Asian Grilled Shrimp - The marinade caramelizes over the shrimp for a flavor that is out of this world.  Sweetness with just a little bit of heat in the end.  #EatSmartVeggies #sponsored @EatSmart
Crock Pot Apple Cider Corned Beef and Cabbage from Seduction in the Kitchen http://www.SeductionInTheKitchen.com
Asian Noodle Salad - Amee's Savory Dish
barbecue mini meatloaves
Double Chocolate Banana Bread
Shaken, Not Stirred: 16 Martini Recipes
Citrus Pinot Noir Crab Pizza a recipe from Seduction in the Kitchen, Inspired By The Flamingo Resort in Las Vegas
These soft baked donuts have a refreshing and light flavor from the lemonade and cherry pieces.
Vietnamese Dipping Sauce Nuoc Cham - this is a condiment that is served with virtually every Vietnamese meal | http://jeanetteshealthyliving.com ~ http://jeanetteshealthyliving.com
What's Cookin' Italian Style Cuisine: Slow cooker Stewed Tomato Recipe
Fresh From The Garden: 12 Awesome Zucchini Recipes
What's Cookin' Italian Style Cuisine: Sausage Pepper Mushrooms in Tomato Sauce Recipe
Pierogie Stuffed Meatloaf From Seduction in the Kitchen
Pre-scrambled eggs for camping trips
How to freeze fresh basil from your garden to use long after we say goodbye to summer from Walking on Sunshine Recipes.
10 Ways to Drive Traffic To Your Blog Right Now | Boost your blog's audience by using these tips and tricks to drive traffic to your blog. This guide is perfect for bloggers who need some blogging help!
My daughter found a pack of balloons I had in my craft closet the other day and they’ve inspired us to get crafty with balloon prints the last few days. Today I’m sharing how to make this cute Bee Craft from balloon prints and I have another cute one to show you on Wednesday.  These …
This Easy Crock Pot Chicken Stuffing Casserole is so simple and a classic comfort food.
Reinventing the S'mores: 25 Recipes You'll Melt Over
These Soft Dinner Rolls have no yeast. They have 3 secret ingredients that make these cotton soft and fluffy. These are ready just in 30 minutes!
The 11 Best Mudrooms
For Your Valentine... Upside Down Cake Pops
Pumpkin Donuts are easy to bake up using a simple cake mix~~~ #PumpkinWeek
Make this copycat recipe for the famous Shoney's Strawberry Pie.
Biscuits and Gravy Overnight Breakfast Casserole ~ Comforting, Hearty Breakfast Casserole That is Prepared the Night Before and Baked in the Morning! Biscuits Loaded with Gravy, Sausage, Eggs and Cheese! ~ http://www.julieseatsandtreats.com
Crockpot Broccoli And Sausage Macaroni Casserole has only 7 easy ingredients full of flavor  #WildSideOfFlavor #Cb #ad | Intelligent Domestications
Sweet Potato slices baked in a stack with parmesan cheese and browned butter and topped with crispy sage leaves! Delicious side dish to go with your #jennieO #OvenReady turkey! @SwitchtoTurkey #JennieOHoliday https://ooh.li/f658941
This Sun-Dried Tomato Pesto Four Cheese Mac and Cheese with Wasa Rosemary Sea Salt Topping recipe is definitely a mouthful of amazing flavors and textures your family will love for dinner! Add a salad for a healthy meal #HowDoYouWasa #ad
Mint Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe
Mini Raspberry Cheesecake
http://121clicks.com/showcases/showcase-of-portrait-photographer-yura-kurnosov
Olympic Kids Craft
Bubble wrap craft
the artist woman blog
Art lesson for kids on how to draw a sphere. 2nd grade space program
Items needed:  1. Clover Pom Pom Maker found at any craft store such as Joanns, Michaels or Hobby Lobby  2. any yarn, any color - your choice  3. your trusty glue gun  4. sticks of your choice
Story Behind My Photographs by Mohammad Moniruzzaman
Analyzing the Iconic Pictures – Part 2 - 121Clicks.com
Pumpkin chocolate chip bread- finally a recipe WITHOUT 3 cups of sugar!
ArtsyCraftsyMom: 20+ Paper collage ideas for kids
We will sleep like princesses at the St. Regis Rome...
How to Organize Your Pinterst Boards Alphabetically Tips - It's Easy!
15 Incredible Bird Photography Tips for Beginners - A Free Ebook - 121Clicks.com
Mastering Photography: A Beginner’s Guide to Using Digital Cameras - Ebook by Andrew S Gibson
Build A Snowman: Busy Bag Activity. Take it apart and put it back together again! A fun puzzle for toddlers & preschoolers. {Sunny Day Family}
heart elbow patch sweater. zazumi.com
Fingerprint Poppy Flower Craft for Kids! #Summer #veteransday #Spring art project | CraftyMorning.com
/falling-hearts-valentine photo backdrop idea
15 Chinese New Year Crafts: Preschool through Elementary
Welcome your guests the right way with these fruit-slice mats. // 33 Irresistibly Spring DIYs
Paper plate crown craft - would be cute to make these at a birthday party
Parts of a plant: we did this in Playschool a few weeks ago with kids ages 1-5 and took our time talking about the various things a plant needs to grow as we added each one and then our labels. We added a label for the stem, one for the leaf, and the petals. For the flower petals we used cupcake liners, a great activity for kids especially preschool age that's interactive, educational, and fun! A great precursor to planting real flowers or plants in the classroom or home as we did yesterday!
Free downloadable artists' study.  Includes lesson plans, lapbook printables, notebooking, and images.  Artists include Picasso, Van Gogh, Pollock, Moet, Matisse, O'Keefe, Michelangelo, and Da Vinci
Everyone gets a square with a quarter circle, this is the end result- could be a good ice breaker beginning of year activity
Sock Monster - 10 Super Adorable DIY Puppets ... [ more at http://diy.allwomenstalk.com ] Our post on handmade sock toys was popular so we are giving you a list of equally adorable creatures: DIY Puppets! Some of these DIY puppets will actually require the use of socks. Others, however, can be made using felt, scrap fabrics, and other materials. These DIY puppets have one thing in common, though. They are all stinkin' cute!Look at this little cu... #Diy #Toys #Puppets #Monster #Look #Colorful
72 Fun, Easy Spring Crafts for Kids 10 Spring Animal Crafts photo
How to assemble your tissue pom pom balls!  https://www.howdivine.com.au/blog/how-to-assemble-your-tissue-pom-pom-balls/
DIY Ribbon Bookmarks (ribbon, hairbands, and buttons!) -- 29 creative crafts for kids that adults will actually enjoy doing, too!
Pretty Bugly  Cut one 3-inch and three 2 and 1/4-inch lengths of craft wire. Insert the 3-inch wire through two holes of a button. Twist the ends tightly around the center of the other three pieces. Bend the wire ends into legs and antennae. Add googly eyes.
How to divide fractions; just make sure you explain how dividing and multiplying by the reciprocal are the same thing!
So many cool coloring pages for older kids and adults - coloring pages never go out of style. • TinyRottenPeanuts.com
What better to decorate your home than Origami! This is the perfect DIY to make with children!
dinosaurs party ideas | Boy's Dinosaur Birthday Party Ideas - Spaceships and Laser Beams
DIY Puppy Fun Card / FAB DIY
Loft bed with storage and study below, fabulous room for teens! What a great room to hang out with friends in…
I HEART CRAFTY THINGS: 10 Preschool Ocean Crafts and Activities
Science with LEGO
All About Rangoli, and Rangoli Crafts For Kids from Activity Village
Turn a regular fan into an amazing rainbow one. | 23 DIY Projects That Will Blow everyone's Mind this is amazing
Despicable Me Minion themed birthday party via Kara's Party Ideas | Games, decor, cakes, party supplies, and MORE! KarasPartyIdeas,com #mini...
Valentine hot dog by Spoonful
Easy Despicable Me Minion Nails!!! Amazing! Just add a small strip of blue at the bottom !!
Rainbow Wind Catchers  - pinned by @PediaStaff – Please Visit  ht.ly/63sNt for all our pediatric therapy pins
Garlic Roasted Kale © Jeanette's Healthy Living #vegan #vegetarian #glutenfree
Mother's Day Crafts for Kids | Holidays Central
paper plate bugs. Paper plates, googly eyes, paint, pipe cleaners, ets.
Activities: Octopus Mobile
Flourless Cherry-Chocolate Fudge Cake.  Gluten-free.  #Passover
With just six materials, and #sharkweek right around the corner, literally nothing is better than this super simple shark hat DIY! #craft #make
Fairy Tales And Fiction By 2: Three More By Dr. Seuss
following instructions to make a bird out of a paper plate
elephant from cardboard El Taller de Pepa: A LOMOS DE UN ELEFANTE http://eltallerdepepa.blogspot.com.es/2013/06/a-lomos-de-un-elefante.html
parrot_paper_roll_feather_craft
Angels  a few of different crafts
Bored of the same Rakhi gifts - make something personalized for your brother this year to show your love for him. We list 10 Handmade Rakhi gifts for brothers that they will fall in love with. DIY catapults, race tracks, silly putty, paper mache pens, puppets and more.
This cute little owl will keep your place in your book. Free printable bookmark.
teacher wreath.. bought the stuff to make this with Landon for Mrs Nicholson! hopefully we'll get it done this week!
Great for kids learning to sew!!!
Can we get real for a sec? In the past four months, I’ve earned over $10,000 from affiliate links alone. Prior to that, my affiliate commissions were measly — hardly enough to buy a cup of coffee, let alone pay all my bills. But now, I genuinely feel like I understand what goes into using affiliate …
Monster Party Cheese Ball.... Lots More Monster Party Ideas On This Site....
Monster Mash: DIY Party Favors (Party on a budget, moms!) http://www.ivillage.com/best-diy-kids-birthday-party-favor-ideas/6-a-515641
Farberware 15-Piece Forged Cutlery Set, Red - Walmart.com
Better Homes and Gardens Print Small Bowl, Set of 6, Melamine
Itsabouttimeteachers: SCARECROW Craftivity
The Best Crockpot BBQ Chicken
33 creepy treats for a Halloween party! (via @thecraftblog )
Baby Jack Skellington... Makes me want to have a little boy just so I can dress him like this for halloween! Cutest thing I have ever seen!!
Ice Cream Sandwich Cake recipe. Made with Whipped Cream frosting. Such an easy dessert and a serious crowd pleaser! Dreambookdesign.com
These are the best Slow Cooker French Dip Sandwiches I've tasted. Throw it in the crock pot in the morning and it will be ready to eat for dinner.
Origami Ghost - © Dana Hinders
Fun and easy ideas for hosting a Halloween Pumpkin Painting party for kids! Free Printable Invitations. LivingLocurto.com
This super-smart ‘Beauty and Beast’ fan theory made our jaws drop
Spanish Chicken and Rice - a one pot meal with fresh ingredients and spices! Arroz Con Pollo is perfect for the entire family!
How to Make a Sourdough Starter pin
The Pioneer Woman Timeless Cast Iron, 12" Cast Iron Enamel Skillet - Walmart.com
15 Unique Wedding Manicure Ideas | Daily Makeover
chocolate haystacks
Day 6   Durga Maa Crafts Durga craft Collage photo
These Halloween Brownie Bites are the perfect dessert to take to your child's Halloween party! Just a little spooky and so cute, this dessert recipe is also easy to make!
FUN Haunted House Writing & Art Activity
I made a whole chicken about once a week during whole30. Lots of leftovers and VERY affordable!
Ham & Cheese Crescent Rolls
FREEBIE!! CANDY CORN TRINITY CRAFT - This is a quick fall-themed craft to reinforce the concept of the Trinity. The Trinity is a difficult theological truth to understand at any age. Using examples from real life often helps us to understand spiritual truths. St. Patrick used the shamrock to illustrate how 3 parts (leaves) made 1 whole (shamrock). Candy Corn can also illustrate this, 3 colors, 1 candy: 3 persons, 1 God.
DIY spinning drums using old ribbon spools for kids
CopyCat Panera Broccoli Cheddar Soup Recipe. YUM! Pair this yummy soup with a salad for lunch or dinner. Save $$'s and make your favorites at home!
Slow Cooker Pulled Pork Recipe
I can't wait until I get to pack the boys lunches, and put things like this in!
Make drinking water more fun by using drinking bottle ice cube trays  with fresh fruit and juice.   These ideas are shared as part of a sponsored campaign.
"Coffee Filter Turkey" [Weekly Crafts] [Week #4] [Changes: Prewrite with pencil a line so that kids know to color lines on the outer rim of the coffee filter] PREPPED: We have 24 kits put together--12 for each site
Share And Remember handprint turkey Thanksgiving craft for kids keepsakes - *Gonna make "doggie bags" to send home desserts with guests. Love this. Can start NOW!
Children’s Artwork Fabric
This crockpot pulled BBQ chicken is so easy to make - just put everything into the slow cooker, no special prep. It's fall-apart tender, and delicious.
What a cute idea!  Print a Thanksgiving Scavenger Hunt right on a paper bag.  Then, take the kids outside for some autumn fun!
Thanksgiving thank you for teachers or anyone! Peanut M for color or could use Fall colored M.
Super stretchy and soft NEW dough recipe that smells just like apples, perfect for a fall afternoon.
meda crunch salad gluten free vegan
Menorah kiddie craft, helping children light 8 nights of Hanukkah! #kidscraft #hanukkah #ParentsCrafts
Perfect for slathering on an English muffin or toast. This easy pumpkin butter brings fall to your table in the best possible way.
Tactical Ammo DIY Christmas Ornament, perfect for the outdoors man, hunter, shooter in your life. Man or Boy  Christmas Ornaments for those who love their gun
Ingredients for Breakfast Biscuits www.thirtyhandmadedays.com
30 Last-Minute Gifts Everyone will Love | Christmas DIY Ideas - YeahMag
Awesome project for kids The Kindness Plate get a free printable poem to use here
Corn, Ham and Potato Chowder
Let it snow! I designed this holiday craft project for my little guy's class party.
Super simple muscle building protein shake.
Merry christmas print out coloring pages - Printable Coloring Pages For Kids
This recipe intrigues. Gotta pin this for the weekend!
26 Cute Christmas Treats For Kids And Adults | Starsricha
Santa craft with cutting practice for preschoolers
Presenting - 10+ Tricolor Paper Quilling ideas for India's Independence Day - Tricolor cards, flowers , earrings all using paper strips
Rainbow Swirl Sugar Cookies - a fun and beautiful treat!
Pre-Writing Skills: Visual Discrimination
S'mores Crescent Rolls | smartlittlecookie.net
Newton's 2nd Law of Motion - Squeeze Bottle Strong Man Game
What a fun family tradition for Valentines Day!
This is the best collection of fun Christmas party games with all sorts of game ideas perfect to keep everyone laughing at your holiday parties!
Simple Coconut Macaroon Recipe | The Jenny Evolution
This Quinoa & Chicken Biryani is a healthier take on the Biryani I grew up on as a child. #TheRecipeRedux
On-the-go, multitasking eye shadow and liner in one. Ultracreamy formula for a smooth application. Rich, true-color payoff. Fade- and smudgeproof. Shadow offers a pearlized finish that blends easily. Liner is buildable – stay subtle or go bold. Note: In electronic media, true colors may vary. www.marykay.com/robyn.arnone call/text 480.717.1722
How to make DIY clay hearts decorations - so pretty! | NurtureStore :: inspiration for kids
Pinecone Birdfeeders {Tutorial} - Happiness is Homemade
5 Free Printable Valentine's Day 8x10 Signs // Frame one on your mantle
January 20th, 2016 is National Cheese Lovers' Day!!  Here's a great list of recipes to help you get your cheese on!!
Whipped Cream Cream Cheese Frosting recipe - My favorite frosting recipe EVER for cakes and cupcakes...and eating by the spoonful!
Kids Valentines Poems: Cute Ideas for Cards  Crafts!
Free Elephant Coloring Pages for Adults - Easy Peasy and Fun
Lucky Charms Valentine Free Printable on Capturing-Joy.com
valentine sayings/riddles
m&m cookies recipe
Champagne Margaritas
Shark Fin Jell-O Cups for shark or summer theme party theme. These are super cute and so easy to make for the kids!  |  OHMY-CREATIVE.COM
OMG! It's a recipe for Rainbow Ice Cream that totally tastes like Skittles. Holy awesome on a stick. And it's vegan, dairy-free and gluten-free. So. Awesome. With a unicorn on top. #ad #MakeSB50Sweeter #cbias
Oh my goodness!  So many cute ideas!  30+ Non-Candy Valentines (Printable Valentines for Kids)
Chinese New Year, Year of the monkey paper plate mask craft for kids
This is the easiest way to make the perfect rack of BBQ Baby Back Ribs. And the secret is the time in the slow cooker.
25 Valentine Day Books for Kids! Perfect for Toddlers, Preschoolers, and Kindergartners!
How to use Sponge Pouncers – Easy DIY Wall Art idea
St. Patricks Day crafts for kids printables
I feel like I finally get photography! Such great tips from a self-taught food blogger and photographer. I can follow her advice step by step and get better photos instantly. Photography tips and tricks | brilliantbusinessmoms.com
Paper Plate Shamrock, a holiday craft idea for kids. Paper plate, green paint, a popsicle stick and glitter. St. Patrick's Day.
Creative Leprechaun traps. So many fun ideas! Pinning for later.
creamy broccoli soup
Copycat In N Out Burgers!
Gummy Worm Punch - Kids will love sipping on this drink in the summer! Great idea for birthday parties, St. Patrick's Day and Halloween, too! Gummy worms are frozen in a punch mixture and emerge from the ice as the drink is enjoyed! So much fun!
Chicken and Cheese Quesadilla Pie | The Girl Who Ate Everything
Chili Lime Sweet Corn Salad - sweet corn tossed with butter, fresh lime, chili powder, cilantro, and queso fresco. Amazing!
Great tips for beginners to find freelance writing jobs online
Filled with a tangy lemon cream cheese and topped with an unbelievable triple-berry sauce, these stunning crepes are a dream for any spring brunch!
Tissue Paper Rainbow Flower
20 Easy Spring Bird Crafts for Kids
From the top 10 foundation recommendations, to 10 different foundation application techniques, to 3 foundation tutorials, this collection of foundation tips and tricks will teach you how to apply foundation properly in no time!
Piet Mondrian's work show us the importance of focusing on what's truly important. So here're 10 Piet Mondrian's projects for kids to get inspired from!
cheesy cornbread casserole
Low Carb Mozzarella Meatballs -- an easy gluten free recipe! Moist & flavorful, these hold together well and feature a cheesy surprise.
Check out this delicious, healthy chicken dinner recipe! So simple. So good.
15 Adorable Ladybug Craft Ideas ~ Spring Crafts for kids
Use yarn to turn an old CD into a beautiful Christmas wreath. It’s fast, easy, and fun!
Scissor skills / Straight lines / Mr Octopus
Ocean Animal Cupcake Liner Crafts - Easy Peasy and Fun
These Monterey Grilled Cheese Sandwiches are layered with Monterey Jack cheese, bacon, deli turkey, avocado, and pickled jalapenos. They’re perfect for lunch or dinner and super easy to make! These quick and easy Monterey Grilled Cheese Sandwiches are layered with Monterey Jack cheese, bacon, deli turkey, avocado, and pickled jalapeños. ArtesanoBread AD
Curried Rice Pilaf with Red Lentils
Mama Loves Food!: 51 Lemon Recipes to Brighten Your Day!
This National Scrabble day, why not make a Scrabble Tile Craft - Follow your Rainbow Nursery Wall Art . Simple to make and uses recycled Scrabble game pieces.
Cheesy Chicken Stuffed Peppers - these are SO delicious! Make them in the oven or on the grill this summer! #creativehome
Minion Craft for Kids - Clothespin Craft
This Banana Chia Pudding with zingy, lip smacking Mango Lime Purée will bring a taste of the tropics to your breakfast. It is incredibly easy to make, positively bursting with nutrition & just looking at the wonderful yellow colour will make your day brighter! #chiapudding #vegan #mango #lime #chia
Very sweet and easy for little hands with assistance.  DIY Frame for Father's Day
Creamy Potato Soup Recipe {Recipes, Easy Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Real Food Recipes, Healthy Recipes, Potato Recipes, Soup Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Primal Recipes}
My kids were so excited to have a homemade dairy free chocolate taco. Let's be honest, I was excited, too. It was kind of the most yummy thing ever.
Cup Wind-Chime Craft For Kids /sheknow..use solo and feather with light.
Although I visit Portugal 4 to 5 times a year, very rarely do I get to be a tourist - except when we go to the Algarve for a week each summer. This year, we thought we would get together for my mother's birthday and head to one of our favourite places in the country: Alentejo. Alentjo is one of Portugal's leading wine making regions and one of Europe's best kept secrets.
Tropical Sunrise Smoothie ~ A protein packed and refreshing smoothie filled with vitamins, probiotics, and lots of tropical tasting flavors! #StartYourSmoothieYA #ad #LatinaBloggers
This is a fun activity for a child who is learning to paint and glue. You’ll love the 3-D feel of this fish-in-a-bowl craft, and you'll only need a few simple materials!
A fun collection of outdoor games for the entire family
These strawberry mice make super cute kids party food - perfect for a Nutcracker party - fun food recipe with video tutorial from Eats Amazing
The Ultimate Guide to Sharpie Mugs | Tips, Tricks, and Hints to Get the Most Out of Your Sharpie Mugs | The Best Temperatures, Materials, and Cooking Times | Destination Decoration
Chewy, Fudgy Flourless Chocolate Cookies recipe. A decadent cookie recipe that is so easy and quick to throw together, and a naturally gluten free cookie recipe. It is guaranteed to make everyone happy. www.mamagourmand.com
Explore science and art concepts with coffee filter flowers - an awesome process for kids to try
Perfect for kids of all ages to do, this Rainbow Caterpillar Button Craft is a great spring craft and perfect for a reading of The Very Hungry Caterpillar.
We are WAY too quick to say that it would never happen to us. What if we say "that could have been me instead"?
Chocolate Dipped Rice Krispies Treat Turkey Pops | Click for 30 DIY Thanksgiving Crafts for Kids to Make | Easy Thanksgiving Crafts for Toddlers to Make
These really are the best ever homemade flour tortillas, no one can believe how easy and delicious they are!
Pineapple Fried Rice with Basil and Peanuts
4th of july 3
plastic ball things from the dollar store for the coral
Fourth of July Coloring Pages
Balsamic Quinoa Salad. No Diets Allowed
Thai Chicken Pizza I howsweeteats.com
Spicy Cajun Roasted Corn Salad - Posh Journal  Spicy Cajun Roasted Corn Salad: Southwestern-style side dish/salad/salsa. The heat of cayenne pepper and cajun seasoning in this recipe will add an extra kick.
An easy recipe that includes heathier ingredients that everyone in the family will love! Check it out!
No Bake Orange Cheesecake Bars recipe topped with caramelized oranges... Recipe by http://FlavoursandFrosting.com
Best Ever Irish Soda Bread recipe is an absolute perfected version! It has a golden, crunchy, sweet crust with a moist, chewy interior, and tangy cranberries. www.mamagourmand.com
Year of the Snake pipe cleaner snake pencil topper for Sis for market day
Top Activities for After School Fun with Kids featuring the After School Linky Party Team
Baked Parmesan Garlic Potato Fingers - This super easy appetizer is something your guests will love. Spicy potato fingers & that too baked! The Parmesan-Garlic flavor totally does justice to this delicious snack. Presenting Baked Garlic Parmesan Potato Fingers!
38 Easy & Healthy Dinner Recipes
Kids love playing in the great outdoors and exploring it with all their senses. Here's a fun winter scavenger hunt for the whole family to enjoy!
Baked Oatmeal is a perfect treat for a quick and filling breakfast. I love baking them in muffin tins for breakfast on the go. Plus, they freeze great!
Chinese Scallion Pancake is a popular Chinese delicacy served for breakfast. The batter version is the simpler and quicker version to make.
rain craft - could be done as quiet book page...
This pretty vintage hot air balloon party is for a first birthday! See more party ideas at http://CatchMyParty.com!
Planning a Halloween Party or playdate for the kids this year?  Time to crank the fun with these 17 Halloween Party Games for Kids.
#Rakhi #GreetingCards  See the full collections http://issuu.com/vibrancedesigns/
Cheese Corn Toast is a delicious snack made with cheese, corn and potatoes. It is very hearty and appetizing to taste.
These Diet Coke "It's Mine" bottles inspire me to travel the world…
Egg Biryani is a popular Indian rice preparation. Cooked with Basmati rice and boiled egg. The spices used in the recipe makes it stand out from the rest. Its spicy and masaledar!
No+Bake+Cashew+Coconut+Protein+Bars-+1+bowl+and+5+minutes+is+all+you'll+need+to+whip+up+these+healthy,+delicious+bars-+#vegan+#glutenfree+#highprotein+and+no+oven+required!+-thebigmansworld.com
This is a great go-to for an easy dinner when you're out of time and have a…
I can't recommend Adam Simmonds Restaurant, Henley-on-Thames, UK enough! Their fab 8-course tasting menu was well priced and everything is local, fresh, and seasonal fare.
This Banana pudding is full of banana flavor just like it should be! Come find…
Toad In The Hole
Do Camping, Pokémon Go, and Bratwurst go together?
Holiday Detox Green Coconut Pomegranate Smoothie ~ A healthy green smoothie with refreshing coconut water and sweet pomegranate - perfect for body detox after the holidays.
10 Pablo Picasso Projects for Kids - Pablo Picasso Lesson Plans, Activities, Coloring Pages, and More. Artist Study & Art Appreciation
Spinach, Crispy Proscuitto, Egg Socca Pizza is a gluten free and healthy way to get your pizza fix. This quick, easy, and healthy recipe is perfect for a weeknight dinner. www.mamagourmand.com
Steak and Sriracha Lettuce Wraps
Easy stone spiders kids can make. This is a simple halloween craft that toddlers and preschoolers can make without much help using natural materials. Stone and sticks spiders.
These Printable Dinosaur Alphabet Sequencing Puzzle for uppercase and lowercase are  a fun & Hands-on way to teach letters and their sound to kindergartners
A pineapple glaze makes a delicious addition to this easy carrot side dish!
Southwestern Sweet Potato Hash with Cilantro Pesto: A traditional hash, spiced up with smoked chipolte and finished off with a poached egg and fresh cilantro pesto. Perfect for breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner. Paleo. Gluten-Free. Dairy-Free.
Healthy 3 Ingredient Paleo Nutella Fudge Cups which are smooth, creamy and have NO dairy, sugar, flour or butter! Paleo, vegan, gluten free!
candy corn fruit cup- full of fruit and fun!
Honey Wheat Bushman Bread Recipe – an Outback Steakhouse Copycat!
http://www.becauseisaidsobaby.com This smoothie sounds so delicious. Definitely pinning this for when the little one is sick!
This long time family favorite guacamole is full of garlic, onion, cilantro, jalapeño, and of course ripe avocados! This recipe is modified to make it perfect for camping!!
White Chicken Chili
One Pot Quinoa, Chicken and Broccoli is a flavourful healthy quinoa pilaf recipe ready in 30 minutes. Even quinoa cooks in the same pot. | ifoodreal.com
Slow Cooker Low Sugar Pecan and Cranberry Stuffed Apples - a skinny dessert baked in the Crock-Pot.
bacon and eggs (chocolate, M&Ms;, pretzels)--how adorable!
Fabulous pillows
cupcakes
styling bookcases
Mini Maple Pecan Pies, only 1 WW point
Food props
Apple Cinnamon Baked Oatmeal, 3 WW points
Get inspired with these picture-perfect kitchen designs.
different levels
Happy girls are the prettiest.
Starting Solids: The dos and don'ts
How to Get More Done in Less Time as a Blogger (Part 1-3)
KISSES Acorn Treats from HERSHEY'S Kitchens
Perfect for brunch
25 Grain-Free and Gluten-Free Quinoa Dessert Recipes - MyNaturalFamily.com #quinoa #recipes
classy gentlemen
Paleo Coconut Chicken Tenders
Vintage Romantic St. Louis Wedding
Engagement photo
5 Moves to Banish Back Fat | Skinny Mom | Tips for Moms | Fitness | Food | Fashion | Family
24 Recipes for 24 days of success!! | The Motivated Mama
Easiest Pineapple Cake...a dense incredibly moist pineapple cake made in one bowl. The cream cheese frosting it put on the cake while it's hot so it seeps into the top of the cake. It's delicious!
PMS SOS Smoothie. Will probably NOT regret pinning this
15 minute stretching routine - full body.
Simple & delicious as a snack, dessert or breakfast! Layer fresh fruit, 1 serving of granola (granola is high in calories so a little goes a long way) & yogurt in a tall glass. Takes no time to fix & is super healthy and filling.
BLT Chopped Salad
7 Most Alkaline Foods
Runner's World Runner's Diet: The Ultimate Eating Plan That Will Make Every Runner (and Walker) Leaner, Faster, and Fitter
Gluten Free Chicken Fingers Recipe
Awesome weight loss drink - easy to make. 3-5 lbs lighter in 1 week.
Tasty and Filling Turkey Sandwich Recipes
30-Day Squat Challenge with different variations to target more muscles Find more like this at gympins.com
Quad 5 Workout for Beginners. Nice to do at home on days I dont really feel like driving to the gym. Find more like this at gympins.com
Running Medal holder and Running Race bib Holder - Celebrate Every Mile on Etsy, $42.99 Find more like this at gympins.com
Healthy Living, Healthy Eating, Healthy Drinking! From PositiveMed, Alternative  Holistic Health , ck them out on FB  Pinterest! http:/www.facebook.com/PositiveMed Independent publisher promoting healthy lifestyle. Find more like this at gympins.com
Workouts To Lose Belly Flab: Here are some effective exercises to flatten out the fat belly. Find more like this at gympins.com
Whether youre outside, at the gym, or at home, triceps dips get your arms pumping. Find more like this at gympins.com
How to Lose Love Handles: Waistline Row - Towel Workout : 7 Moves to Lose Your Love Handles - Shape Magazine - Page 2 Find more like this at gympins.com
Healthy Breakfast Recipes Find more like this at gympins.com
Keep going...
Rock hard abs in 12 minutes
Oven Barbecued Chicken Recipe Clipping - RecipeCurio.com (probably 1970s)
Best 20 hummus recipes without tahini: Slow Cooker White Bean and Garlic Hummus Vegan recipe by 365 Days of Crockpot
The Worst Misleading Fitness Tips
Apple Harvest Cake... this is chock full of apples, the cinnamon - sugar ribbon that flows through the center of the cake gives this just the right amount of sweetness, not overly sweet but just right.
Scented chocolate chip cookie necklace! $18
23 Grain-Free Breakfasts To Eat On The Go... Well have to tweek a couple of these for a true low carb recipe.
7 Reasons Why You Should Do Squats - The Importance Of Squats »
Get Sexy & Toned ABS - The Best AB Workouts!
No Excuses Workout Series Full Body Workout
Indian Daal with Vegetables - Super healthy and delicious.
Diet and exercise is the only way to really lose weight, change your health, and to really start enjoying life! http://www.onesteptoweightloss.com/21-day-fix-workout-review Find more like this at gympins.com
Whittle your middle with our Ripped Abs Circuit. http://mahalabailey.weebly.com/home/gnc1408 Find more like this at gympins.com
Amazingly Delicious Rice Cakes Recipe - Healthy Snacks Recipe -
Bacon Jam #FoodieGifts #ChabasoBakery #FromMeToYou
Cabbage is a highly nutritious vegetable proven to heal digestive disorders. Know the health benefits of cabbage juice & how effective is ...
A #cocktail guests can serve themselves via @PureWow.
3 Delicious Chicken Beef and Vegetables Broth Recipes -
An infographic showing a list of foods all under 100 calories. Against fasting, but helpful list of foods
How To Get Rid Of The Muffin Top Once And For All -
How to Get Rid of Armpit Fat, Get Rid of Bra Fat: Chest Workout for Women - YouTube
Healthy, Easy & Delicious Corn Salty Muffins Recipe -
How to Prep Healthy Food for The Week | Medi Delite
Healthy  Baked Broccoli Tots are the perfect low-fat snack!  #GimmeDelicious #Skinny
royal caribbean
how to become a vegetarian-this is a great list of things that most people dont think about when they become a vegetarian #vegetarian #recipe #veggie #healthy #recipes
═══► I bet you never heard of GERMAN BODY COMP. A great must read article, and videos show all - for MEN & WOMEN. #fitspo #fitness #exercise #workouts #bodybuilding #weightloss ═══►
Homemade from scratch Apple Pie Cinnamon Rolls
Cheesy Bacon and Corn Stuffed Zucchini | www.diethood.com | Zucchini halves stuffed with an insanely delicious mixture of cheese, bacon and corn!
Buckeye Rice Krispies Treats
Black Bean and Quinoa Enchilada Bake on twopeasandtheirpod.com One of our most popular recipes! Everyone loves this recipe!
veganinspo: Pad Thai Wraps *vegan option The recipe seems... - Eat Clean, Run Dirty
Love handles. Muffin top. Whatever you call them, this Oblique Crunch will make them
Oven-baked chicken wings offer a #lowfat alternative to fried #chicken and these boast cayenne and paprika for a real kick.
bicycle abs workouts for women at home. : #ab_workouts
Roasted Acorn Squash with Brown Sugar | Skinnytaste
10 Christmas Appetizers — Planning the Christmas dinner menu? Start the festivities deliciously with a great selection of tasty Christmas appetizers.
Wildtree13
Nutella-Cheesecake-Row
Back Exercises That Eliminate Back Fat. : #fitness
Cheesy Taquito Beef Queso Dip!  This perfect party dip is made with seasoned ground beef and tons of cheesy goodness!  Quick & easy, it's ready in just 15 minutes!
AB WORKOUTS WITHOUT EQUIPMENT. Anyone would love to have them or be admired and appreciated of being fit and healthy. #ab_workouts
Taco soup/cowboy soup Minus taco seasoning, and chili powder. No chili beans, or can of tomatoes
Autumn minestrone soup - Not just for Autumn, this soup hearty enough to be a complete meal anytime the weather is cool. There's no reason to buy canned soup when you can make a batch of this soup and keep it in the fridge or freezer.
The Best Snickerdoodle Bars - They taste just like snickerdoodle cookies in fast and easy bar form! Soft, chewy, buttery...So irresistible!!
Mama Bear Shirt
Adorable
If you are new to the gym, this is your source for everything weight training. Learn how to find a gym, how to train, and how to achieve your goals.
Choosing the Right #Baby Formula.
DIY Halloween marquee letters
#Ab_workouts for women at home.
Ultimate Cookie Troubleshooting Guide to find out why your cookies are too thin, thick, crumbly, or how to make them chewy, soft, crispy, etc. Answering ALL your cookie problems!
10 WAYS TO CONTROL BLOOD SUGAR LEVEL : #fitness #exercise #abs #slim #fit #beauty #health #workout #motivation #cardio #belly #woman_fitness #ab_workouts #ab_inspiration #kittlebell
DIY Inspiration - Awesome Cleaning Slime | This is the best home product, i have ever come across. Make Cleaning hard-to-reach spots of dust and crumbs, such as air vents and keyboards easy & Fun.. It works!
http://modernmrsdarcy.com/2015/02/2015-releases-tbr-list/
═══► Not the usual advise most articles promote. Nice to learn something new. Very useful info and can be put to use immediately. Check it out. ═══► #fitspo #weightloss #diet
15 Amazing Benefits of Anaerobic Exercises To Stay Fit
Gluten-Free Lemon Thumbprint Cookies
7 Easy Ways To Become A Runner — Even If You Hate It
Great onesie for baby! #onesie #funny
30 Day Shred Challenge. Jillian Michaels 30 Day Shred Level 2 will burn fat with this interval training fitness system, combining strength, cardio, and abs workouts that blast calories to get you shredded and ripped. #weightloss #fatburn #30daychallenge #fitnesschallenge #getfit #workoutforwomen
Spinach Tortellini Tomato Soup - Hearty, delicious, yet quick and easy tomato soup, packed with spinach and tortellini.
Chocolate Gravy
Inspire tank, made from bamboo! This tank is extremely soft, moisture-wicking and breathable | myinspirewear.com
Simple Tips for Sitting Postures : #healthy_living
Use this 10 Minute Abs Workout to focus on strengthening and toning your midsection. This workout can be used by itself or you can use it in addition to another routine to get some extra abdominal work. Though you only go through each exercise once, the 45 seconds straight for each move is more than enough to get a good burn. #abs #sixpack #flatstomach #flatbelly #coreworkout #abworkout #sixpackworkout #bellyfat #muffintop #lovehandles
DIY - How to make Pinecone Fire Starter favors! Perfect for your winter wedding! #wedding #favors
11 Home Remedies For Under Eye Dark Circles
Vegan Southwestern Loaded Sweet Potato 2
Shrimp Scampi Recipe - The Idea Room
Red Quinoa, stir fry leeks, mushrooms, courgettes, cherry tomatoes, mixed seeds for and Greek natural yoghurt www.bevsfitness.com
37 Whole30 Recipes That Everyone Will Love (compliance not confirmed- no smoothies pudding, stuffed dates etc)
I’m really not a very conscientious food blogger.  If I was, I would have created an elaborate Thanksgiving  menu earlier in the month and been leading by example, posting the recipes for my …
Interesting
Soapy sensory foam activity for kids to explore
Gluten Free Quick Bread Recipes
scrubbie2.jpg 400×604 pixels
Your belly is its very own wonder making! An eating regimen of 4000 calories every day won’t benefit much to your belly shape. #ab_workouts
Rhubarb and Ginger Triffles - Free Restaurant Recipes
DIY Mood Board
Blueberry Buttermilk Muffins
Behind the Scenes of My Better Homes and Gardens Shoot
3 Simple Meditation Techniques To Boost  Concentration
After trying several different products, I finally discovered the best method for how to treat red bumps on arms naturally.
How to make Pinterest work for you & your business
Kitchen Details: Paint, hardware, floor
Extreme Yoga Poses: http://vid.staged.com/mzAs
Head to www.AdamKempFitness.com at any time for more health and fitness advice!
AMAZING VEGAN PISTACHIO and ALMOND Ice Cream! So rich and creamy, perfectly sweet, and so delicious! #vegan #icecream #recipe #pistachio #almond #dessert
Cocktails and mocktails: http://www.stylemepretty.com/living/2015/09/08/ladies-fantasy-football-draft-inspiration/ | Photography: Michelle Lindsay - http://michellelindsayphotography.com/
Grilled Greek Lemon Chicken
Homemade+Snickers+Bars
21 Ways To Lose Ten Pounds In A Week | Tricksly
HOW TO MAKE AN EGG WHITE & HONEY FACE MASK
gender-neutral-garden-baby-shower - 55
Lasagna Pasta
Shepherd's Pie Loaded Baked Potatoes - a fun and easy twist on a classic recipe with a simple beef and vegetable filling for stuffed baked potatoes. | cupcakesandkalechips.com | gluten free
Want soft, kissable lips? Try this simple Raspberry Lip Scrub made with three…
Floral nail art by @chalkboardnails
Brooks and Falotico
Beautiful idea for your backyard! How to build a DIY covered patio using lattice and wood to create a little shade from the sun.
Yoga or Pilates? http://weeklyfitnesstips.com/yoga-or-pilates/
gray green shutters + front door
Ways To Use (And Eat) Bacon
slow-cooker-creamy-coconut-oatmeal
Stay motivated by watching this inspiring video.
My Favorite Detox Salad recipe. It is a healthy meal idea for dinner or lunch and uses vibrant and nutrient dense foods as ingredients! | Eat Yourself Skinny
Do this total body waterfall circuit with just 1 dumbbell for a full-body strength workout. https://weightloss120934.wordpress.com/
Add farmhouse style with this surprisingly inexpensive project.
Check out the 10-Minute Ab #Workout
This 25-minute fat-blasting treadmill workout is actually fun! Lose weight and tone up with this super fast and easy routine. | Health.com
Aluminum foil is used very often without knowing you, curative properties. It seems incredible, but the Russians and Chinese experts have found after years of use aluminum foil and another possibility to be used, namely to alleviate pain in various body parts. The trick is not difficult to apply.
this whole blog has nothing but creative ways to decorate packages.
Refresh Your Soul Series- Refresh Your Soul Mondays in 2013. @Grace Full Mama
Cardamom Carrot & Caramelized Onion Soup #primal #eliminate HWC for complete paleo
S'more Bites #appetizer #bitesizetreat
Beautiful round up of 66 felt projects you can make!
Help! How do we cut our budget when theres nothing left to cut? {This post contains advice, encouragement, and practical ideas to answer that question.}
Love!
Jesus Says Perfection is Required
MY SIMPLE MODEST CHIC : Refrigerated Overnight Oats
Peanut Butter Bars Recipe from addapinch.com
Melt-in-your-mouth pumpkin cookies | dessertrecipes180.com
Quick and Easy Cinnamon Candy
Spicy Parmesan Shrimp Pasta
Do you believe that the love from your spouse can bring out your best? What about when your  (or their) flaws are especially evident? Today we're talking about love in light of one universal truth: we are all fixer-uppers.
{Week 5 - Friday Post} We all need safe places... Here are 5 reasons Christ must be our hiding place. #Psalm119 Bible Study @ LovevGodGreatly.com
Galatians summarizes the gospel and what it means to our hearts. This, friends, is life changing. #Galatians Bible Study @ LoveGodGreatly.com
Debt is a horrible marital stressor that affects the entire family. As a young wife, I did not respond to my husband kindly because of our financial situation. In fact, I blamed him for it. It took time for God to open my eyes and show me how my husband and I could rally together as a team to be debt free. Now that my husband and I have been debt free, it is amazing to know how much freedom we have with our finances. Getting out from under the debt burden has allowed room for our intimacy in marriage to increase, it has removed stress from our family, and it has been beneficial when making decisions we feel God is leading us through.
Second, the shop is back! And it's actually kind of full! Including this ridic piece of green Apophyllite with pink Chalcedony running through it. Head over to check it all out✌️
Banana Bars with Browned Butter Frosting
IMG_1912sm
Chocolate Peanut Butter Fudge
Dollar tree vignette display with glass cloches
Copycat Bang Bang Tofu
Super Delicious Overnight French Toast Bake! { lilluna.com }
25 Of The Best Easy Christmas Candies-Gluten Free
iciclepic5
How to Make a Blanket Scarf from MomAdvice.com
Chicken Fried Steak with Country Cream Gravy
AMAZING Easy Vegan Ramen! - garlic, ginger, onion, stock, tamari, dehydrated shiitake mushrooms, miso, sesame oil, ramen noodles, tofu, carrots, baby bok choy (or other veggies)
How to Make a Disgusting Cookie Sheet Look Brand New via @PureWow
A mode of transportation.
how to make homemade frozen pizza for easy meals!
Thanks for sharing, @southernlivingmag!
Lemon_Coconut_Baked_Oatmeal_Cups
How to Eliminate Duplicate Photos on a PC or Mac
This post is the best description of how to choose fabrics for your home! I totally know what I'm doing now!
Learn how to declutter and organize ANY space or room - and keep it that way!
Napa Distressed 24" Counter Stool - Gray
10 Tips for growing zucchini | ahealthylifeforme.com
Love to exercise but no where to put your snacks and essentials? Check out this easy DIY Running Belt #TryALittleGoodness AD
How to make and freeze breakfast quesadillas. Do this and you will always have a healthy breakfast on hand!
More toiling, spinning, worrying, and getting our act together has never produced genuine fruit. The fruit of the Spirit...and our having more joy, patience, peace...is evidence of His merciful grace, and not our ability to check a list or climb a ladder. We'd have no hope but that Christ promises to complete the good work in us that He alone began. (Phil. 1:6) Rest, friend, in the good news that's ours tonight, and always. {The Floral Fruit of the Spirit Set in the GraceLaced Shoppe now!}
It is an undeniable fact of life: you can’t put two people in the same room without one of them getting in the way of the other. In marriage, multiply this by ten. Our enemy’s goal is to take a natural occurrence and use it to create marital dysfunction. There are plenty of things worth fighting about in marriage, so let’s save the battles for things that really matter.
Buttermilk Biscuits
YUM!!! She calls these "Party Crackers," because they are a perfect snack for a party, or a party in your mouth! Ha! Garlic pepper, ranch seasoning, red pepper flakes, OMG!
Summertime is the PERFECT time for audiobooks! Whether your family listens regularly or audiobooks are something you have wanted to try out for the kids, come and check out this great series we are recommending! (25% off coupon code for TBM!)
What do you want your kids to remember about this summer? What if they entered Autumn filled up with the word of God in their hearts and minds?! Here are ten verses that are great to memorize as a family this season.
Grinch_invitation
Red Velvet Truffle Bark | www.somethingswanky.com
This White Barbecue Chicken is sure to become a new crowd favorite at your summer cookouts!
Pallet Towel Rack by The Golden Sycamore
From Grouchy to Great is a great ebook from the contributors at The Better Mom. You won't want to miss this great read as different women all chime in on how to find joy in the journey of motherhood. Being a mom isn't an easy job. Here's some practical encouragement to help you bring back the joy!
Anxiety affects our mothering, our hearts, our thoughts....but also our marriages. Does your husband see you struggling? Here's how to reach out, to your man, and to God, to ask for help in times of need.
Anxiety affects our mothering, our hearts, our thoughts....but also our marriages. Does your husband see you struggling? Here's how to reach out, to your man, and to God, to ask for help in times of need.
This chocolate ganache recipe is really easy and only requires two ingredients! Pour it over cakes or let it cool and frost your cupcakes with it!
Thinking about a bedroom makeover?? We have 10 + Amazing Bedrooms we can't wait to show you... You won't want to miss seeing these gorgeous spaces!
Italian Stuffed Chicken - chicken breasts rolled up with pesto, tomatoes, and cheese! Then baked until crispy and delicious, a great family dinner.
Thinking about a bedroom makeover?? We have 10 + Amazing Bedrooms we can't wait to show you... You won't want to miss seeing these gorgeous spaces!
Solitude is a gift God gives us so we can recharge and refill. If we don’t spend time away and time alone, the self-neglect can be dangerous. One of the greatest things you can do for your own soul is find solitude. Resist the rush. Halt the hustle. Press pause and find some calm in the chaos...
Where does your daughter find her value? In a culture that tells us constantly to look inside of ourselves for all that is good and right, how do we raise little girls that see the only way they will ever find those things is on bended knee?
Roasted Butternut and Sweet Potato Whole Wheat Lasagna.  Must make this.
cut a little pumpkin & fill with dip.
Famous Salmon Recipe
Merona® Satchel Handbag with Removable Shoulder Strap - Mint
Building a Classroom Library--Just a quick list of places and ideas to help you build up your library in a quick and cheap way
Making Test Prep Fun 4-Numbered Heads Together
Education to the Core: Handling Parent-Teacher Conferences Like A BOSS!
We should start to prepare for the unknown. *Update*
Zucchini Bread Baked Oatmeal Recipe on twopeasandtheirpod.com This easy and healthy baked oatmeal is a favorite at our house! Even the kids love it!
pumpkin french toast! so yummy
A list of the 10 Most Popular Sightseeing Attractions in San Francisco, including Lombard Street, the Painted Ladies, Coit Tower, and Alcatraz. Pin this if you are going to San Francisco!!
Threshold™ Modern Global Rug
Asparagus Pea Soup | Minimalist Baker Recipes
Easy Pumpkin Krispies Treats
Copy-cat Trader Joe's Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus
When I started this station years ago, I wanted to set this station up for success.  Here are a few tips to help you make the most of the writing station.
An interactive read aloud is a systematic method of reading a book aloud.  The teacher is doing the word decoding work and the students are asked to do the thinking work.  Through careful planning,  teachers can scaffold the student’s understanding of the book being read.  The teacher also models strategies for comprehension as well as teaches vocabulary.
Slow Cooker Creamy Tomato Soup: Tomatoes and vegetables simmer away all day until tender, then they're pureed to make this ultra creamy, vibrant tomato soup that is secretly loaded with veggies! Your kids will never know! www.thereciperebel.com
16 Bean Soup with Ham and Kale
Green Hurricane in a Jar
We’ve all used rubbing alcohol to clean out cuts and scrapes before putting on a band-aid, but rubbing alcohol is great for disinfecting more than you think. So, if you’ve got it stored in the medicine cabinet, get it out because you’ve got some cleaning to do. Rubbing alcohol can
Easy Lemon Curd
Cherry-Mojito3-(1-of-1)
Tired of spending money on cheap toys and candy for Birthday Party Goody Bags? Want to give something that kids (and their parents) will actually appreciate? We've got 10 alternatives to goody bags that are affordable and are things that you will actually enjoy giving. 10 Alternatives to Goody Bags. SunshineandHurricanes.com
Mediterranean Tuna Salad
These soft sugar cookies are just like the ones you buy at the grocery store in the bakery section. They are SO SOFT.
High Resolution Image: Home Design Ideas Pool Fountains 2556x1219 ...
Do you struggle to find the time to use team builders in your classroom? These strategies integrate team building right into any content area. The 3rd one is my absolute favorite!
This Crazy Cake Wacky Cake has no eggs, milk, butter, or mixing bowls! Mix everything in your baking pan. Rich. Moist. Delicious! Bakerette.com
Student Goal Setting in Elementary School - Learn to set SMART goals, create action plans, and celebrate achievements. Students take control of their learning in small manageable ways. Student Goal-Setting | Motivating Students | Student-led Learning | Data-driven Teaching | Student Assessment | Internal Motivation
Runde's Room: Some Sweet Testing Encouragement FREEBIE
What Are Interactive Notebooks? Interactive notebooks are awesome tools that increase student engagement! Check out this blog post to learn more about what INs are (and what they're NOT!)
The Best Ever East Coast Road Trip Itinerary! This post includes a guide to the must-visit destinations along the East Coast, detailed maps and a downloadable spreadsheet so you can customize your own East Coast road trip itinerary!
Healthy energy bites that taste just like peanut butter oatmeal cookie dough!
Wplus9 HAPPY WISHES WORDS AND IMAGES Clear Stamp And Die Combo WPLUS302 zoom image
Easy A-Line skirt variations
Subscribe to the Free Weekly Newsletter Kids love snacks! This seems to be a…
Eat the rainbow with these delicious Cilantro Lime Shrimp Bowls made with fresh shrimp, brown rice, cabbage slaw, and a homemade Greek yogurt dressing!
Free Area and Perimeter game for partners or math centers
A Fun {and Easy} Math Game for Practicing Addition Facts to 20
Crockpot Chicken Phở - A Vietnamese Classic Soup Recipe | Served From Scratch
What Comes Next
Keep warm during the holidays with a Naughty or Nice Grinch Hot Chocolate! Each family member gets to choose how to "flavor" their drink.
The Three Little Pigs and The Big Bad Pig, The Schroeder Page
Best Ever Creamy Crockpot Cocoa
Peanut Butter-Chocolate Chip Pie is a cool, creamy dessert featuring everyone
LunchPunches and 2 random cutters
LOUIS VUITTON
IGN Debuts the new poster for Oblivion
.
Dave
Happy tent from a drying rack - create a reading nook
Leaning Idiots Of Pisa
Deep Space Nine
Bohemian
exactly
Seven of Nine
 
The next time you scoop cookie dough...Use spray oil to grease your scooper or measuring spoon! Also great for measuring tools when you have to use honey, syrup, or something with similar stickiness!
gotcha!
Captain Kirk
funny quotes 4 (2)
Happy mouse!
haha!
Star Wars Custom R2-D2 Engagement Ring & Marriage Proposal
HAHA!!
Lance Armstrong
Haha
^..^ How I watch a scary movie
My Fair Lady wardrobe shot of Audrey Hepburn by Cecil Beaton.
Love this!!!
derby hat
Re-used trampoline!  so clever.
The Dreamer Blue by Choi Xoo Ang on artnet Auctions
.
Merry Christmas, Zombie style.   Yes!!
Model wearing a hat by Albouy - 1950's - @Mlle
10 Reasons Why Star Wars Obi-Wan Kenobi is a Serial Jerk - IGN
Redneck engineering
Some men, I tell ya.
Scale of space ships (small)
William Shatner in Star Trek (1966-69, NBC)
Jean Shrimpton Flowers - 1965 Vogue by Irving Penn
Haha. So funny
Today's relationship
Truther
Drool Over These Custom Made Lightsabers By Roland Palotai
purple.
Crowned.
Oh my....
and than that beanie
A group of elite humans called the Eternals have been recruited from different parts of history to oversee the development of humanity by travelling back and forth through time.However,one of these Eternals eventually falls in love with a non-Eternal woman,which throws everything into disarray.The story has a very intriguing yet complicated way of looking at time travel.
Astronauts by Derek Stenning
? Seriously? No info at source about what structure this family is standing in front of. FABULOUS!
Star Wars Art  by Dave Dorman
Chalk Art by David Zinn
Marvin, the Paranoid Android, from "Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy"
Gold and Black Hat
Highness @ M-I-A Gallery
pranks
Space Cadet Coloring Book
FIFTH ELEMENT, 'FUTURAMA'-style
We want it
New sign for my office! what about you
Chill Your Drinks With These Geek-Tastic Cubes!
Peaches was delish signed, Coyote
the art of hat wearing!
colored hair @Michael Dussert Aitken Dransfield
Poor Husbands
Pandorum
Computers change… We do as well
Painted Dragonfly Made From Maple Tree Seeds
TV Show or Movie Poster of the Week: #RoboCop 2014 - SF Series and Movies
Alphas
The Starlost
The only problem with this hair style is that it won't fit under my motorcycle helmet...
Funny Pics 26.08.2013 3 Funny Pics {26.08.2013}
LOL!
Funny Text: What Does WTF Mean? instant Humour — The best jokes and humor stuff on the net — Page 3
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Gets Full-Season Order
Apple-Cinnamon Cream Cheese Cake
Jensen Ackles and Sarah Michelle Geller at the 2006 Critics Choice Awards
fashion essential details - hat ♥✤ | Keep the Glamour | BeStayBeautiful
Aliens, por Michael Whelan
Jeweled
Star Trek
Shaun Toub Added To NBC Pilot ‘Tin Man’
A chicken who wants to buck around the cluck... - Funny Christmas Party Invite :-)
Zara Phillips, daughter of Princess Anne
Oh, cats and Christmas Trees...a troublesome combination!
green eyes n butterflies
Now beg for my help!
‘Lost’s Damon Lindelof Rips Network TV During HBO’s ‘#TheLeftovers’ Panel, Says Quality Is Higher On Cable
Long hair
So wait who made it?
darling haircut and LOVE the salt and pepper
Spaceship
Hahaha...
Blue Hawaiian Cocktail
Thou Shall Not Covet: Brittany Hollis
Haider Ackermann SS 2014
Selfie With A Camel
Common Sense
#CONTINUUM
Exactly!
Pinterets Humor - #Funny #Animals @ http://pinteretshumor.com
.
 
¥
William Shatner "Rocket Man", via YouTube.  Makes me smile every time I see this.
Manic Panic Purple Haze is a deep dark purple like this.--- It's actually rather pink though, at least on my hair...
I can't even stop laughing at this.
‘Star Wars’ Bombshell! Rian Johnson To Write, Direct Next Two Films
Lois Lane comic. No date given but It looks to be the 60s
meanwhilebackinthedungeon:  — Ken Frank
 
Check out my new design on @skreened
Hat
This is really concerning. I mean, is this my master's sick joke of having another puppy for me to play with?
Precious!
Tattoo Artist - Chris Jones - Movies tattoo
true story
bun it!
Breast cancer awareness 
Check out the official Halo Nightfall trailer! Secure your access to Halo Nightfall debuting November 11, 2014 in Halo The Master Chief Collection.  Halo Nightfall is a live action series providing insight into the origin and backstory of legendary manhunter Agent Locke (Mike Colter, “The Good Wife”), a pivotal new character in the Halo universe who will play a key role in Halo 5: Guardians. A strange and treacherous world exposes elite UNSC operatives to a much deeper danger.
Sexy Hair Colors
Amazing Slow Cooker Spiced Wine Recipe!
Such a fun thing to do with or without the kids! A box painted with chalk so you can change the time as the night progresses! Fill it with Hershey's Kisses - so kids can have their Kisses at Midnight! - Kid Friendly Things To Do .com
Win.<---Isn't a fail? What if I didn't know Gallifrey was time locked?
St Patricks Day Crafts | How To Make A Shamrock Wall Art Craft Ideas Best St Patricks Day Craft Projects By DIY Ready. http://diyready.com/19-awesome-st-patricks-day-party-decoration-ideas/
This Easter Bunny DIY Basket Craft is so cute! Make it from everyday items. Here's what you'll need.
Questions and Answers about #Onions from fivelittlechefs.com as part of our #cookingschool #kidscooking
Helix Season 2 EpisodeGuide
hiddenfiles_006.jpg (692×530)
Nelix
Dior Haute Couture, 1968.
GREATEST CAR COMMERCIAL EVER - Battle of the Spocks!
Adam Hughes
You're Doing It Wrong! by Anna Maria Jung
I can't believe I waited so long to try this recipe! It's so easy to make and so delicious! The best Apple Crisp, ever. Can't wait to eat it over ice cream!
visual optimism; fashion editorials, shows, campaigns & more!: jing, gigi, ondria, antonia, kitty, anna, laura and paige by brigitte niedermair for harper's bazaar uk may 2015
We need some clarification regarding this cheeseburger story...
Creamy Salsa Crock Pot Chicken is a simple recipe and so satisfying for dinner! The leftovers are very versatile. Serve over rice, as tacos or even over nachos! #Ad @salsamekrazy
Tooth Fairy Pocket
DIY Library Cabinet - paint and hardware transforms an outdated piece of furniture
How to Make a Headboard
great list of gifts you can sew for teens and tweens that they'll actually like!
Tortellini Al Forno | bakeatmidnite.com | #pasta #tortellini #asiago
Encounter by Frank Frazetta
Reclaimed_Wood_Pumpkins_Tutorial
Spiders, superpowers, and a great mental image with the help of Disney
Crock Pot Chicken and Dumplings | Flying on Jess Fuel
teddy Bear  power by frandullon86
Simple Southern Cornbread
I LOVE this traditional coconut cream pie. It is way better than using instant pudding or whatever people put in their coconut cream pies... and just as easy! Everyone will think you put more time into it than you actually did.
Caramel Apple Sticky Buns
A homemade version of the Burrito Grande from The Cheesecake Factory. This copycat recipe comes really close, and is darn delicious! Perfect family dinner, or for feeding a big crowd!
Bacon, Spaghetti Squash, and Parmesan Fritters
These crab cakes are my personal favorite recipe for this tasty seafood appetizer. It is so good with our tartar sauce spicy remoulade sauce.
Cute and Yummy Snowman Cheeseball !
#coffee
Free Thanksgiving Printables utensil holders. Print on kraft paper for a rustic look. Love this idea!
Sausage, Egg and Cheese Breakfast Roll-Ups
How to Design Your Ideal Workout Plan. Your workout, your way! Learn how to exercise the healthy way, starting with your own workout plan. | via @SparkPeople
Cheesy chicken and green chile skillet casserole- so delicious and creamy!
Are you planning to flaunt that flat tummy before your hit the beach this summer? Given here are the 7 effective lower abs workout for you to check out. Read on to know more
Cast Iron 101
I love Pinterest, but HATE the latest update!!  PINTEREST, PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD PROFILE FORMAT!!!  Pinners unite and repin this!!
Meet Rosie & Gris the elephants in this stop-motion video!  Thanks for your awesome response so far ❤️. FYI: I found out they're actually a Japanese design (the Spanish artist I previously mentioned had translated this pattern into Spanish). I'm excited to share the English translation with you all ☺️ #elephant #amigurumi #crochet #craft #diy #handmade #instavideo #stopmotion #pink #grey #allaboutami #cute #yarn
Neurology 101 with Dr. Sass.
Broccoli Cheese Soup
Orange Creamsicle Yogurt Bites
DIY Plywood Plank Floors
Great idea for the table snacks at Bunco. A quick and easy treat is a DIY Movie Night Popcorn Bar.
funny
This is a #campingfood GAME CHANGER.  We present to you the Woof-em - a delicious campfire treat!  Try them on your next camping trip or bonfire, you can thank us later!
Make some spoon flowers for a Mother's Day gift! It's a cute and easy kids craft! | CraftyMorning.com
Oh my goodness! One of the sweetest bouquet of flower handprint crafts I've ever seen! Love this. I'm doing this for Mother's Day!
Black Bean Quinoa Chili w/ @huntschef AD HuntsAtHome | alidaskitchen.com
Great backyard tree house-- and how fun is the shaded "lower story?!" | Via Brisbane Kids
Yes! Everyday.
Incredible beauty when used to form a hedge or privacy wall--Incrediball hydrangea.  #ProvenWinners
Fight Indoor Air pollution with These Easy Steps
21 Tin Foil Meals for Camping
21 Delicious Foil-Wrapped Camping Recipes
I just love the look of this table runner... beautiful!
8 tips for handling temper tantrums like a ninja mom! Love this practical parenting advice.
32 Homemade bird feeders to make | Happy Hooligans
Chewy White Chocolate Cinnamon Cookies
The BEST Carrot Cake Recipe | gimmesomeoven.com
Seriously easy, delish and healthy!
How I feel when I "like" something on Facebook. (from the movie "Galaxy Quest")
Apple Cinnamon Detox Water - A fall friendly detox water that does so many good things for your body! TheSkinnyFork.com
How to make homemade silly putty.  You and the kids will have loads of fun with this quick and easy craft project!
Fun and Simple Pool Noodle Boat Craft For Kids - So easy to make and what fun! You probably have the supplies at home! KidFriendlyThings...
Glazed Carrots - only 4 ingredients!  The sweet and salty flavors makes these carrots taste wonderful! - Momcrieff
Quiet Book Ideas for Kids • Fun and creative projects to keep your child quiet and entertained whenever silence is required!
This strawberry pretzel salad is always a hit at parties. It's a strawberry jello dessert that is dangerously good! It's sweet, salty, tart and irresistible!
Creamy edamame and spinach risotto is the perfect addition to your weeknight winners. Quick, easy and delicious, it will be sure to please the whole family.
A pretty fine motor activity and kid's craft for Valentine's day Yarn Wrapped Hearts
Shortbread cookies - scratch recipe with 4 ingredients!
Scrumptious combination of grilled paprika chicken, creamy avocados combined with fresh lettuce, blackberries and topped with tangy blackberry dressing. This Chicken Avocado Salad makes a perfect and filling lunch! ❤ http://COOKTORIA.COM
Simple Banana Bread Recipe - Easy to make and freezes well. All ingredients are pantry staples (just add ripe bananas!).
Thanksgiving Activities for Children
Pasta Bar - Build your own pasta salad!  A great option when serving a crowd or when you have picky eaters.
Are you looking to inspire your child and develop their thirst for knowledge…
Witch Finger Pretzel Rods - 4 ingredients, 10 minutes, 1 seriously spooky candy! | From http://candy.about.com
Making A Bat out of Clothes Hangers and Garbage Bags Halloween Craft. We just love these bats hanging in our trees! Cute yard decoration! - http://KidFriendlyThingsToDo.com
Pumpkin decorating is such a big part of Halloween, but if you want your pumpkin décor to stay relevant for the rest of fall, your best bet is to avoid the classic Jack and instead go for one of these no-carve ideas. Not only are the designs timeless, but not cutting up the pumpkin will also mean more time to enjoy it! Pick a theme that the kids will love, like Mickey Mouse, or Frozen, get out your paint and crafting supplies, and then go over to eBay for more no-carve pumpkin ideas.
Thanksgiving fun food for kids - Crescent Roll Cornucopia filled with Vegetables and served with ranch dip! Yum and Fun! - http://KidFriendlyThingsToDo.com
The Best Avocado Pasta
If you’re looking for something easy and healthy to take to a school party, this is it! The mandarin oranges are already packaged for easy transport, now all you have to do is draw on jack o’ lantern faces with a Sharpie. You could also draw other Halloween characters (bats, black birds, Frankenstein, etc.), or write the word “Boo!”.
This cheese sauce is gooey and tangy. For a spicier version, substitute half the cheddar cheese with Pepper Jack and add 2-3 minced pickled jalapeños, or to taste.
mini no bake pumpkin pie with raw chia crust | #vegan #raw #recipe #pie…
These bacon wrapped smokies with brown sugar make a great appetizer! They are easy to make and can easily be made ahead of time & they freeze well!
Simple One Hour Homemade Bread
Gala Beauty Inspired by Frida Kahlo
So cute! These easy to make witch hat surprise cookies are made with an ice cream cone and filled with Halloween treats. What a fun idea to do with the kids!
This Healthy Black Bean Breakfast Burrito Recipe features a hearty bean & hash brown filling with scrambled eggs, cheese, avocado and salsa rolled into whole wheat tortillas. This is a great healthy breakfast idea that can also be made ahead.
Galakospeculoos
white bean soup with crumbled bacon + spiced brown butter from /howsweeteats/
Scarecrow Cupcakes Recipe - The cutest little fall table dessert! These little guys are so cute for fall, halloween, and thanksgiving!
Every time!!!
Best Mexican Street Corn aka Elote Recipe: Sweet corn topped with crumbly cotija cheese and sprinkled with just the right amount of spice.  The best corn you’ve ever had guaranteed!
DIY Peppermint Plate—you could do this with any sort of hard candy. Jolly Ranchers would make a platter that looks like colored glass.
♡
Healthy Apple Oat Bran Muffins
Copycat Qdoba Chicken Burrito Bowls | Gimme Delicious
tray
Chore Chart Cards
Cloth Diapering 101
Bathroom Printables
DIY Super Bowl Snack Cups
The Daring Domesticate: Peanut Butter Cups A' La Weight Watchers - 2 PP
red velvet cheesecake trifle recipe
watercolor pear
blow pop cupcakes with bubble gum marshmallow frosting.
Easter Craft Ideas
How to get kids to listen without YELLING! FREE live Webinars. Learn skills you can use that same day!
Highlights for brunettes
Tame Your Wild Child During Diaper Changes with #HuggiesSlipOn Diapers #PMedia
Yummy healthy zucchini chips
Valentine-DIY-Heart-Crayons
80th birthday party ideas
DIY Halloween/Fall craft: decorative wooden candy corn pieces
DIY Flower Hair Clip
Upgrading my bathroom faucets with an easy install! via MakelyHome.com #MoenBoardwalk
Macrome is back
Psalm 105: 4
Christmas Tree diy ornament
Sample low calorie menu plan
31 Days of Encouraging Quotes - Deeper Still #31days #encouragement
10 Indoor Fun Activities During Flu Season - Long Wait For Isabella
Bath Tub Shaving Cream Paint, learn more on www.momdot.com for this and other kids crafting activities
Happy Tot Apple & Kale Crisp and Mixed Berry Crunch Toddler Bars
Healthy No Bake Pie Recipes From Scratch #sponsored
Download a #Free #Finance e-Guide - Share the Word
Our Kindergarten Homeschool Routine #QuakerShakes
all in one place- save your time - Solar System Unit Study Round-Up 50+ Activities 25+ Books | thissweetlifeofmine.com
Biscuit Waffle Pizza
FREEBIE: Writing Paper (lined with drawing frame) Click on the red star to follow me to be notified of other FREEBIES and new products. Thanks for stopping by!
The Fault in Our Stars (tfios) cupcakes - Frost Donuts #Frostology
The power of smell quote from Diane Ackerman #sensationalmemories #ad
For your daughter's bedtime routine we recommend God's Little Princess Devotional Book by Sheila Walsh
When it comes to chili, I’m kind of picky. Chili that comes in a can? Forget about it. I’ve had my fair share of different styles of chili, and the one I always go back to in the end is actually Wendy’s chili. So my mission was to make a version at home that tasted as great …
Annie's Place: Happy Flower Block Tutorial
Quick new baby gift idea with free printable - craftyourself.com
Easy Paperclip Angel Ornaments
5 DIY Spa Treatment At Home Ideas  #eBayGuides #DIY #beauty #ad
Hope In Every Season: 10 Festive Christmas Party Finger Food Recipes
Seahawks/Football Decor and DIY Projects from http://yesterdayontuesday.com #seahawks #masonjars #football
Giant Wall Command Center {My Office}
Bubblegum & Leprechauns
Mother Nature’s Healing Cream Recipe @LittleRemedies {Homemade Neosporin Recipe} #DIYhealth #naturalparenting #ad
If you plan on spending more than 30 minutes on an airplane with your kids over Thanksgiving and/or Christmas, this list of 20 easy travel activities for kids is just what you need to keep your children entertained (and your sanity intact)!
DIY Paint Dipped Artwork www.simplestylings.com #thriftscore
http://www.skinnytaste.com/2014/03/chicken-and-asparagus-lemon-stir-fry.html
Scrap Yarn Felted Acorns
Lollipop Halloween Tree
A Bold & Colorful Home Tour
essential oil recipes for diffusers
White Chocolate Cranberry Bliss Cookies | The Organic Kitchen Blog and Tutorials
Peanut butter cookies easy
Homemade candied orange peel is a delicious gummie candy, except without any of the artificial dyes and flavors! -- The Nourishing Gourmet
Salted Chocolate Peanut Butter Krispie Treats are a super easy dessert | foodiecrush.com
Delicious Glazed Lemon BlueBerry Scones {The Love Nerds} #recipe #scones #breakfast #pastry
Coming soon is the reveal of our barn door we’ve been working on adding into our home... until then, here's some of my favorites!
Gluten Free Sweet Potato Pecan Pie Doughnuts I howsweeteats.com
Sugar Cookie Bark - Crazy for Crust
Love how simple it is to make this panna cotta recipe! Very elegant for a dessert--gorgeous with the deep, rich blood orange sauce on top!
Healthy Cookies and Cream Dip for ONE! Smooth, creamy and sinfully nutritious, this quick and easy dip is packed full of the healthy stuff WITHOUT tasting healthy! {vegan, gluten free, paleo, high protein}
Healthy No Bake Thin Mint Cookies- Delicious, fudgy and sinfully nutritious, a delicious snack or dessert recipe which take 10 minutes to whip up! {vegan, gluten free, paleo + high protein option!}
Healthy No Bake Thin Mint Cookies- Delicious, fudgy and sinfully nutritious, a delicious snack or dessert recipe which take 10 minutes to whip up! {vegan, gluten free, paleo + high protein option!}
Warm Cardamom and Coconut Rice Pudding http://www.fearlessdining.com
Freelancer interview with a Rev transcriber. How she earns over $250 per week transcribing from home for Rev.
10 Festive Christmas Party Finger Food Recipes
bright white + gray + wood bath | modern farmhouse style
Decorating, living with, and loving, a brown sofa
Low carb and grain-free, these chocolate fudge crumb bars are my healthy answer to Starbucks’ oatmeal fudge bars. Getting married is a really big deal. Even in this day of dating for years an…
Holiday Salad with Caramelized Delicata Squash and Fresh Sage Vinaigrette
Herb Crusted Stuffed Chicken
The Best Homemade Cheesecake - get the secret for the lightest and fluffiest cheesecake ever!
Chocolate Covered Cherries | A Girl Worth Saving
ONE POT Healthy Pine Nut Broccoli Quinoa
Main Dishes: Chicken Tortilla Bake with only 6 ingredients! (items you probably already have on hand) www.thirtyhandmadedays.com
Altos Thyme Out Super Bowl Cocktail
WINTER IN THE LIVING ROOM - StoneGable
Birthday Party Ideas | Photo 13 of 35
Strawberry+Pie+Recipe
kids artwall easy diy to get your kids art off the fridge
These zucchini noodles, also known as zoodles are delicious, healthy and super easy to make! Get the step by step instructions at mom4real.com
This wild blueberry banana smoothie has two delicious and beautiful layers for a smoothie that's a treat for the eyes and your tastebuds!
Mint Juleps are one of my favorite things to get at Disneyland. They are perfect for a hot summer day with a little bit of mint, lemon, and lime flavors.
Crispy Potato Chip Crusted Goat Cheese with Greens: gluten-free
Chicken-skillet-with-brussels-and-squash
Grilled Peaches & Beets with Ricotta & Honey {gluten-free}
DIY Deodorant (NO BAKING SODA, easy, effective, non-toxic). This is a MUST MAKE recipe, friends!
Lemon Custard Berry Parfait ... layers of luscious lemon custard with lots of fresh berries ... swoon! This parfait is such an extra special treat. | Recipes to Nourish
SEPHORA COLLECTION - Beauty Amplifier Afterglow Primer & Luminizer #sephora
A bed of quinoa with marinated and grilled chicken breast topped with a fresh and healthy mango salsa.
Lemon Blackberry Cupcake Recipe Gluten Free Paleo Recipe | ahealhtylifeforme...
The best puppy chow in the universe. Clumps of chocolate peanut butter goodness held together by just enough powdered sugar. An easy treat with only 4 ingredients! Gluten-free & dairy-free!
Marionberry Cheesecake Pie {grain-free, Primal} - Eat Beautiful
Do you feel enslaved by your lawn? Wondering how to avoid harsh chemicals? Enjoy these tips for a sustainable lawn!
Get ready for the summer barbeque season! Here are 19 Salad Recipes that are absolutely perfect for your next potluck!
Homemade Soap Nut Liquid - Make your own soap nut liquid! No need to search for that soap nut bag or buy the expensive pre-made soap nut liquid!
Just set it and forget it ;) This crock pot chicken & stuffing is a…
Healthy Oatmeal Pancakes - a hearty pancake recipe from the Duggar family. If all 19 of their kids approve, yours should too!
How to make German Glühwein  (It's also makes a fantastic gift!)
Slow Cooker Basil Chicken in Coconut Curry Sauce - The Food Charlatan
Tomato Basil Avocado Toast (Paleo, Low Carb) | Wholesome Yum - Natural, gluten-free, low carb recipes. 10 ingredients or less.
How to Make Baby Headbands {Satin and Felt Flowers}
Here are 4 simple things busy women can do to find time to exercise and get fit
5 Minute Paleo Mayo - Healy Eats Real- It only take 5 minutes to make this easy and healthy paleo mayonnaise made with avocado oil!
This cheesy broccoli casserole is made completely from scratch. | Kristine's Kitchen
Please allow a moment for images to load… An InLinkz Link-up
Vegan  Paleo Butter Pecan Ice Cream - Allergy Free Alaska
Homemade French Onion MIx & Dip - French Onion Mix and Dip is so easy to whip up - and you have total control over the ingredients!! Real food style, made from scratch. Made with love.
Thai coconut soup on @thouswellblog via Kraut Kopf
:: how cute ::
:: kate spade love ::
Stars and Stripes Cake
How The Family: A Proclamation to the World Inspired the LDS Mother's Almanac and My Life  by Janene - a post celebrating The Family: A Proclamation to the World
Travel crayon holder from empty spice or parmesan cheese container. Kids could even put them in their carseat cup holders.
:: coral kind of day ::
Incredibly Easy Southern  Peach Cobbler
Crock-Pot Lobster Bisque
:: neutral territory ::
Bella Roma: Part Due; Shopping and Pasta all Norma
Shampoo Anti Grey Hair  Provides active inflow of nutrients and oxygen to hair follicle. Enhances blood circulation and metabolism in scalp, improves natural hair protection. Stimulates formation of melanin, restores natural pigmentation of hair, prevents appearance of grey hairs. Recommended for grey hair.
Egg guide: What's the difference between organic, free range and cage free?
:: red, white and blue ::
Gluten Free Mozzarella Sticks Recipe: http://glutenfreerecipebox.com/gluten-free-mozzarella-sticks-recipe/ #glutenfree
How to Freeze Eggs, Milk and Other Unexpected Foods
Halloween Rice Krispie Treas On A Stick Recipe
Bacon Brittle
Maple Mustard Roasted Chicken
tutorial for how to make an extender slip (for those dresses & skirts that are just a tad too short)
:: cold, cold ::
Perfect Caramel Popcorn:  It's GOOD---it's from Paula Deen ;) I made this at Christmas so easy and so so good!!!
Balloon basket
What foods can you freeze???
Fresh Fruit and Cream Tarts
:: Gucci ::
Watermelon Feta Salad chilled and served with with crushed ice. There is nothing better to beat the heat than this salad!
Cat Throw Pillows
- Spiritual questions deserve spiritual answers from God. Neil L Andersen #LDSConf
Gifts You Treasure: Bridal Messenger and Tote Bags on Zazzle
Healthy Sea Salt Dark Chocolate Bars - less refined sugar, more wholesome goodness, awesome fudgy chocolate texture. 190 calories. | pinchofyum.com #chocolate #healthy #dessert #recipe
These are my Nana's Famous Green Beans!  One of the most requested recipes from my family - year-round! | MomOnTimeout.com
Simple Brown Gradient Kindle Folio
What not to feed your pet [Infographic] | MNN - Mother Nature Network
10 Reasons to Use Essential Oils
Atlantic-Pacific: I'm with the band
Christian Dior Spring 2015 Couture - Collection - Gallery - Style.com
Cauliflower Goat Cheese Gratin
Chocolate Cake with Peanut Butter Buttercream Frosting
When you have little ones in the house, there seems to be an endless supply off boo-boos, rashes, bug bites, and itchy skin. This #DIY #natural salve takes care of all that and more!
Chocolate Peanut Butter Cheese Ball Recipe
Manage your time with these productivity tips. www.levo.com
Brain Power Smoothie -- this yummy smoothie is filled with delicious ingredients that are all good for brain health | gimmesomeoven.com #smoothie #recipe
Black bean hummus with lime & cumin
Gluten Free Dairy Free Blueberry Pancake Bites -- Easy recipe, single flour, no Xanthan gum!
Libyan-chicken-thyme-soup-whatsonthelist
Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Muffins Recipe! ~ from TheFrugalGirls.com - you'll LOVE this easy, delicious breakfast muffin! #recipes #thefrugalgirls
The Right Way to clean a blender. Oh, for the love of God! I am so mentally challenged! All this time I've been pulling it apart....
Sometimes we forget about these muscles. We recommend NOT forgetting. :)
15 Easy DIY Mother's Day Gifts
30 Days of Freezer Cooking: Freezer Meal Storage Methods
Reese's lovers unite! These copycat Reese's Peanut Butter cups are just like the real thing! Sweet, creamy and pure peanut butter perfection!
21 St. Patrick's Day Recipes
Mother's Day Crafts for kids!
Top 10 reasons to create a cleaning schedule {on Household Management 101}
20 Cheap Date Ideas to Try This Spring
Common Household Items For Baby and Toddler Play - Pink Oatmeal
Delicious and easy roasted red pepper hummus recipe - using sesame oil instead of tahini, and made with a blender!
Transform a Torchiere Lamp to a Drum Shade Floor Lamp
You Brew My Tea: 26 Hot Summer Drink Recipes
Waffled Breakfast Quesadillas
This Applesauce Sundae provides a sweet and flavorful alternative to store bought toppings and is sure to be a crowd pleaser!
http://randomcreative.hubpages.com/hub/Mothers-Day-Cards-Greetings-Homemade-Ideas-Free-Printables
18 Space Saving Ideas Perfect for Any Small Home - Homes and Hues
Top 10 Houseplants for cleaner air
Brazilian Lemonade | "This was fantastic! I didn't have a proper blender on hand so I had to use a hand/stick blender and it worked fine."
Top 5 Kid Crafts-Vases For Mothers Day (great ideas for craft storage too - especially the cork & blackboard paint)
5 Uses for Honey Everyone Should Know - Find out why honey is a "must have" in your pantry and medicine cabinet.
Homemade Cheeseburger Poppers
Homemade Hot Pockets - Pizza Style
Drink up - it’s hammer time!
20 Springtime Sensory Play Activities | The Jenny Evolution
An easy trick for keeping your vents dust free!
Homemade Red Enchilada Sauce - you'll never go back to the canned store-bought stuff again. The sauce is a breeze to make, calls for simple ingredients, and is insanely delicious.
10 Tips For Frugal Fun For Boys
The No Squats Belly, Butt, and Thighs Workout. Fast  easy little exercise circuithttp://pinterest.com/pin/100557004153909576/
Use the activity calorie calculator and the daily calorie calculator to help determine calorie needs
DIY homemade organic hair gel recipe: 2 ingredients and it only takes 15 minutes!
100 Items that will disappear first in a SHTF Situation (Revised and Updated) | Prepping - Homesteading and Prepping - Doomsday Preppers
Chicken Pot Pie
Do you ever get stuck while decluttering? Maybe looking out for these 3 "dangerous" words will help you let go and enjoy a more organized home.
Learn these cool projects for your homestead and survival preps for some productive fun.
Winter coconut cake
3 ways to start composting
Peanut Butter Fudge S'mores Mug Cake Recipe
For some mothers, formula is the only or best option they have for their babies. Unfortunately it can also be the most expensive option. But just like anything, there are still some great ways to save on formula. Check out these tips!
Top 10 Yoga Poses to Cure Insomnia
Making these bakery style blueberry muffins is so easy! Prepare a thick batter loaded with blueberries, fill in the liners to the top and bake. These are extremely tender and moist, so they are highly addictive!
Love fresh flowers but not watching them wither away?  Try these 7 Tips to Make Fresh Flowers Last Longer!
Dill Veggie Dip - Julie's Eats & Treats
This Kahlua Marshmallow fudge recipe is to die for! It's delicious, plus totally fool proof for anyone that has never made fudge before!
No Bake Chocolate Peanut Butter Oatmeal Cookies are so fun, yummy and perfect for surprising your kids with as a great after school treat!
Lemon and Blueberry Scones Recipe
The Creek Line House: How to get your (messy, icky) fridge sparkly clean in 3 minutes flat!
Flourless Double Chocolate Sunbutter Cookies - Gluten Free, Dairy Free, Allergy Friendly! And, so easy to make.
Tips for Growing Cabbage in Your Garden - How to grow cabbage from seed, how to transplant cabbage seedlings, when and how to harvest cabbage plants.
handgun holster for your bed. I LOVE this idea
Free meal planning ideas, complete with a free printable. Monday's dinner looks amazing!
French Vanilla Cream Bars  - a cake mix hack! The bottom layer is a French vanilla cookie crust, topped with a sweet creamy cheesecake filling. It's finished off with French vanilla cookie bits and powdered sugar.
This chicken & artichoke panini sandwich is so easy to make and absolutely delicious. It's a must try!
Easy cinnamon rolls for an easy, homemade breakfast. And the kicker is these only have 5 ingredients. Ooey, gooey, caramel delicious - ness.
October 2015 General Conference Womens Session Prints FREE DOWNLOADS!!
You can do occupational therapy at home
Dump Chicken is so easy to make & freeze!
Homemade Ginger Tea Lattes | the perfect warm drink for chilly days | #vegan
Coconut Milk Ranch Dressing- another pinner says, "wonderful and delicious"
Mini Raspberry Cheescakes
The 35 Easiest Container and Pot Friendly Fruits, Vegetables and Herbs  With spring and summer often comes the desire to plant things. If you are someone who enjoys growing and preserving your own food but you’re also someone who just doesn’t have the outdoor garden space that you need, we’ve got a great collection of projects for you.
Whole wheat apple cinnamon oatmeal muffins ~ These are great for breakfast...  It's like eating apple cinnamon oatmeal. Sounds great!!!
Easy Shepherds Pie   {Paleo {omit butter}, Primal, Traditional Foods, WAPF} {Frugal Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Ground Beef Recipes}
DIY Burp Cloths
How to Make a Zippered Pillow Cover (tutorial for beginners)- I was one of those frightened by the thought of putting in a zipper once.  But I took on the challenge and I'm sharing the easiest way to make a zippered pillow cover with you! #sewing
5 Tips for Growing Celery including growing celery from seed, watering celery, where to plant celery, when to plant celery and how to blanch celery.
I've love this canning shelves!
Power up your morning! These WHITE CHOCOLATE RASPBERRY BAKED PROTEIN PANCAKES are the perfect make-ahead healthy breakfast to reheat and enjoy all week long! #fitfluential #proteinpantry #ad
Raising Respectful Children: My Response to FIY (If you're a teenage girl)
Mint Chocolate Chip Cake - Confessions of a Cookbook Queen
Bacon Wrapped Jalapeno Poppers
Whipped Cranberry Fluff on SixSistersStuff
Butter Cake - BEST-EVER rich, loaded, sweet, extremely buttery butter cake. The only butter cake recipe you need, must try | rasamalaysia.com
Slow Cooker Buffalo Chicken Dip | foodiecrush.com
Goofproof DIY: Easy Canning Recipes
One of the most difficult things for me to do when aiming for a healthier, more fit lifestyle is to give up carbs and things like pizza. It’s actually not that difficult for me to avoid buy/cooking/ordering it, but my husband has an utter disregard for my goals and pizza ...
Natural Homemade Detangler (3 ingredients!) - Rubies & Radishes
Slow Cooker Beef Stroganoff.  So quick. So easy.  Lick the plate good.
.
Photo Coasters Made With Tiles and Nail Polish Remover- easy and inexpensive, take your precious photos and turn them into keepsakes!
Have you been wanting to start your own blog? It's super easy to get started! In this post I explain how to start a blog in just 3 easy steps!
This Sweet Corn Bread is the perfect side dish to your favorite meal! It's super moist with a hint of sweetness. I haven't met anybody that doesn't like it!
We finally have a TEAR free hair care routine for my daughter! No more knots and no more TEARS (from her OR me)!
These firecracker salmon rolls are so easy to make and packed with flavor! Perfect copycat version of The Cheesecake Factory! You have to try these!
Seasonal Skinny Cocktail: Cranberry + Vanilla
... champagne layer cake with passion fruit curd ...
Beefed up shakshuka
Preserving Boxwood: How to and a Challenge -
18 21 Day Fix Recipes!
Printable exercise calendar, plus 10 practical tips to make exercise a habit--especially for those who think they HATE exercise.
Banana Pudding Poke Cake - I have actually made this and it is easy and tastes amazing!
"Cheater" Baby Quilt Tutorial — Decor and the Dog
Smile Like It Is On the Lesson Plan - Year Round Homeschooling
5 Uses for Honey Everyone Should Know - Find out why honey is a "must have" in your pantry and medicine cabinet.
Brown Butter Gnocchi with Asparagus and Prosciutto - The Food Charlatan
Roasted Chickpea Gyros
Raspberry cheesecake dip  has five ingredients and takes less than five minutes to whip together.
Keeping the freezer stocked doesn't have to take a lot of time.   Here's a few tips on how I keep my freezer stocked with meals and meat packages to make getting dinner done a breeze.
These colorful Sweet and Sour Chicken Kabobs are packed with flavor! Made with simple ingredients, they are so easy to make for a completely balanced meal your entire family will love.
We love these Avocado Bacon and Eggs - they're so easy too! { lilluna.com }
This Slow Cooker Crack Chicken is Creamy Cheesy Ranch and Bacon Shredded Chicken. It's perfect on it's own, on a sandwich, in a tortilla or as a dip!
16 Home Maintenance Secrets Every Woman Should Know #howdoesshe #diy #organization howdoesshe.com
Bakery Style Thick & Chewy M&M Cookies
BBQ Chicken and Sweet Potato Nachos. Healthy comfort food! Made with bacon, sweet potato chips and cheese, this healthy nacho recipe is easy to make and super delicious!
Brown Sugar Cinnamon Skillet Apples - this recipe is even better than Cracker Barrel's Fried Apples!
8 Egg-Themed Picture Books for Kids- perfect for Easter and Spring! ~ BuggyandBuddy.com
No-Bake Oreo S'more Trifle Recipe with graham crackers, pudding, Oreos, and marshmallow!
Sausage Biscuit Bites - Football Friday | Plain Chicken
Get college scholarship essay help with these tips on how to write an amazing college scholarship essay.
Easy Homemade Funfetti Cake -  Move over storebought cake mix!! This easy cake only takes minutes to make and tastes wayyyy better!!
Lemon Meringue Chia Pudding An Unrefined Vegan
Samoa Cheesecake (a.k.a. Caramel DeLites Cheesecake) | gimmesomeoven.com #dessert
12 months of preplanned dates! I love this idea! :)
Taco Soup recipe snapshot
24 Must-See Diagrams That Will Make Eating Healthy Super Easy
{Yummy} Easy Sugar Cookies - The Taylor House
PF Chang's copycat Mongolian Beef
Manly Essential Oil Beard Blends | GrowingUpHerbal.com | Today I'm sharing 2 manly essential oil beard blends that husbands, wives, and the kids will love!
Red Velvet Chocolate-Swirled Brownie Bars
Chocolate Peanut Butter Smoothie
Dump Chicken Recipes - I froze the Stickin' Chicken and made it tonight - Super good and tons of flavor!  Will definitely be adding this to the rotation and I'm planning on making all the recipes on her list.  A keeper!
Tackle those homeschool papers and artwork!  5 tips to keeping your Homeschooling paperwork organized!
This Blueberry Crisp Smoothie is like having dessert for breakfast, and it also contains an anti-aging collagen supplement with SO many health benefits!
Crescent rolls on the bottom of a sprayed pan, then sausage crumbles, 2 cups of mozzarella cheese, then whip 6 eggs and 1 cup of milk together pour over the top and bake on 425* for 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper over the top.
.
Inexpensive way to cover grey  hair between colorings. Before and after pic to show that it works too!
Chili Cheese Dogs for game day plus an easy tip on making them for a crowd!ohsweetbasil.com
How to Create and Keep A Homeschool Portfolio Up To Date - Midwest Modern Momma
Trying to bring more nature to your makeup routine? These simple tips for buying chemical free makeup are sure to help!
kombucha mai tai
Make your own Dishwasher Detergent!!  #detoxyourhome #oilyfamilies
Macaroni and Cheese casserole..
It’s easier to do the right thing when our spouse does the right thing.  We can usually respond correctly in those circumstances, can’t we? It’s not rocket science, it’s it’s just human nature. You be good to me and I’ll be good to you.  What about when your husband or wife isn’t being good to you . . . isn’t doing what is right?  Much, much tougher. "What God Wants From You When Your Spouse is Wounding Your Marriage" MatthewLJacobson.com
Chicken Parmesan Crescents at Jam Hands
Quick & Easy Garlic Parmesan Knots
Avocado Ice Pops are made with simple ingredients like avocado, cottage cheese, and yogurt combined to make one tasty frozen treat. @MomNutrition
The 30 Minute Kitchen Decluttering Challenge - 20 things to declutter NOW! Free printable included.
How to grow and care for your Limelight Hydrangea. A beautiful deciduous shrub for your garden which is very forgiving and easy to grow.
There is nothing worse than knowing your child is sick & a fever can be downright scary as a new mom, but when should you worry & when should you start to treat the fever?
I really want to try these!!-- how to make your own honey-ginger throat drops.
falling off the bone ribs
Sweet Potato Pie Smoothie has all the warm flavors of fall with a refreshingly sweet and healthy twist on the typical pie cravings. @MomNutrition
Canned tuna is given fresh flavor with fresh apples, celery, and Greek yogurt dressing! Apple tuna salad is delicious on whole wheat bread or fresh lettuce greens. @MomNutrition
Sausage & Pepperoni Stromboli recipe
There are times when I’ve really struggled with my time management, but I’ve learned a lot that has helped me to be much more efficient and productive. Here are five of my top tips for work-at-home women (most of these can be applied even if you don’t work from home).
Combine sensory and literacy in this mesmerizing discovery bottle. Alphabet Discovery Bottle by Preschool Inspirations
How to Build a Simple Washer and Dryer Pedestal- so easy and way cheaper then buying these at the store!
5 Minute Chocolate Chip Cookie? - for those times when you really need a cookie
Slow Cooker Beef Brisket French Dip Sandwiches. This is going to happen
It's so important to spend time on yourself. These are some of my favorite ways to pamper myself without breaking the bank, so check out  my 10 frugal ways to pamper yourself!
Weight watchers recipes
This Creamy Chicken Fajita Pasta is a HUGE winner! Everything cooks in one pan (even the noodles!) and it's done in 15 minutes. So, so good!!
How We are Cutting our Campground costs by saving 70% or more off the FEES! - Are you as tired as I am of spending too much on campground fees just to be near family? I found a way to save around 70% off campground fees and now I'm spending only a few hundred dollars a month on campground instead of over $1,000! Find out how!
Here Are 23 Ways To Stay Warm This Winter Without Wasting Any Energy. #14 Is A Life Saver. [STORY]
The Worlds Best Chicken Recipe
Figuring out where your money goes.  Get a system to track your income and your expenses
Vegan + Gluten Free Chipotle Macaroni Salad
This homemade posole dish is the real deal! Authentic and super tasty, a must try!
Who doesn’t LOVE Farm Animals? Farm animal arts and crafts are so much fun, especially for your younger kids. Fantastic ideas to do at home or in preschool when following a farm theme or farm study unit.
5 Reasons Why You Should Shop With A Grocery List @katieserbinski
Watermelon-Cucumber Cooler
This Peppermint Soap is a simple project that only takes 15 minutes. It makes a perfect homemade Christmas present. DIY.
We found the ultimate cat castle! This is a great idea to keep our indoor cats busy. Discover more pet accommodations on our site now at http://theownerbuildernetwork.co/j0ma Is this something your pampered feline would love to have?
Crockpot Pork Roast with Apple Cider Gravy
When talking to friends, I often heard that they don’t know what chores their children should be doing so I put together a list of age appropriate chores for 4 year olds! These chores really work well for preschoolers, 4-year-olds, and 5-year-olds.
7 tips to quit yelling ~ Are you struggling with figuring out how to control your anger?  Use these tips to stop yelling today!
Strawberry lemonade smoothie that sneaks veggies in.
When I think of great meals to freeze, pasta and casseroles reign high on my list.  They are hearty, sturdy and easy to take from freezer straight to the oven for reheating.  This Stuffed Manicotti Freezer Meal is one of my favorites because it’s an all in one meal that serves our family easily and heartily. Click to grab the recipe for later!
Whether you are CURRENTLY PREGNANT, or will ONE DAY be pregnant, or KNOW SOMEONE who is pregnant, this is a must pin! All the best tips including where to find the best maternity clothes, freebies and deals for pregnant women.
Lasagna Stuffed Spaghetti Squash ~ If you are looking for something healthier for dinner, this Lasagna Stuffed Spaghetti Squash is the perfect choice for your family dinner!  Not only does it offer you a chance to enjoy a classic meal in a healthier way, but it is adaptable to both gluten-free and paleo diets easily.
We always want to eat more nutritious foods, but this Paleo Beet Berry Smoothie Recipe will make you think you are eating something super decadent.  With it’s rich flavors, bright colors, and the great nutrients fond in the ingredients, you can’t go wrong with this for a breakfast, snack, or treat.  Even your picky kids who don’t like vegetables will be all over this as a great choice for their after school snack!
Who has time to clean all the time. Get your bathroom deep cleaned in 15 minutes with these awesome cleaning hacks and tricks
Greek Yogurt Dip is a perfect spread and dip for fresh fruit and vegetables and packed with essential nutrients like protein and calcium @momnutrition
5 Steps to Become the Smartest Person in the Woods
Ready to bake French bread
Strawberry Basil Jam with Aged Balsamic Vinegar, #canning #recipe
These easy Easy Grain Free Granola [Vegan & Gluten Free] is vegan, gluten free, grain free, and paleo! http://iheartvegetables.com/2015/11/30/easy-grain-free-granola-vegan-gluten-free/?utm_campaign=coschedule&utm_source=pinterest&utm_medium=I%20Heart%20Vegetables&utm_content=Easy%20Grain%20Free%20Granola%20%5BVegan%20and%20Gluten%20Free%5D
This Creamy Macaroni and Cheese Casserole is a show stopper! It's easy to make with tons of rich cheese sauce and a secret ingredient making it extra delicious!
These are the best Breakfast Potatoes Ever!
Gluten Free Strawberry Scones
Pretty kitchen command centre - keep your paperwork organized and your kitchen counters clutter-free!
Looking for tips on how to teach toddler to share toys? Not sharing with other kids and family members is common with toddlers, but you can still encourage and teach your toddler to share with 7 ways.
Pond Sensory Bin - Have you ever tried out sensory bins with your little one? They are simple to pull together  but give hours of entertainment, learning, and skill building.  This one is perfect if you are doing a pond unit study or just simply for fun.
Made it! Was so good. Recommend shoving in some spinach and it took about 5:30 in the crockpot. You Gotta Try It
Frugal Spring Date Ideas
Kahlua and fudge and marshmallows what can go wrong? NOTHING! Amazing homemade fudge recipe with a kick! This Kahlua Marshmallow fudge recipe is to die for! It's delicious, plus totally fool proof for anyone that has never made fudge before! Click the pin for the full recipe
Protein-Packed Avocado Brownies
Learn how to Earn Money Using Your Fitbit! Get Fit and Earn Money.
Cheesy Bacon Biscuits!  (Low-carb, gluten free, paleo/primal).  PLus, cooking healthy with bacon fat, YUM!
Get your garden growing greens and enjoy delicious, healthy salads all season long.
Chicken Broccoli Crescent Roll. This simple recipe is easy to throw together for lunch time.
Parenting your strong-willed child can be a challenge for many moms and dads. But with simple techniques, you can turn difficult situations around.
Mint Chocolate Chip Brownies
There are many homeopathic remedies to help ease the stiffness and soreness that you might not have known about. Here are six essential oils to use for muscle pain that can be used alone or together with another essential oil for a powerful, yet relaxing combination.
Honey Salmon in Foil - A no-fuss, super easy salmon dish that's baked in foil…
Modular Crochet Bobbin Holder
Creamy Mexican Kale Salad consists of hearty vegetables tossed with a tangy cumin flavoured dressing. Perfect for hot summer days. | ifoodreal.com
How To Make A Box Mix Taste Like A Bakery Cake- a different version that adds…
I stinkin' love truffles but until this year, I had never even heard of (much less tried) making pumpkin truffles.  These are my new favorite pumpkin treat!
My kids LOVE celebrations and chocolate is WORTH celebrating! Great ideas and fun activities. My homeschoolers are going to LOVE it.
strawberry fizz skinny cocktail
Whole 30 friendly Jerk Chicken with a simple mango & avocado salsa - sweet, spicy, and packed with flavor. Paleo & Gluten Free
Try these playful apple boats for breakfast or snack! Apple halves are filled with a mixture of yogurt and granola, then topped with strawberry sails.  Sponsored by Quaker.
Mama Loves Food!: 43 Recipes That Will Make You Want to GRILL All Year!
This is SO good! Feeling pressured by Pinterest? You're not alone. Don't let the pressure of keeping up with the Jones's effect your life. Here's why.
have fun in the kitchen with your toddler while baking these delicious chocolate chip cookies. Serve with milk for a perfect combination. Find them over at http:∕∕www.welliesandlemonade.com
If you're looking for a "real food" soup that's delicious, comforting, and full of veggies...here it is. Autumn Chowder is amazing!
6 Sites That Will Save You Money on College Textbooks - Paying for college can get expensive. Cut down on the costs by buying your textbooks online! This is advice that every college student should follow. Great tips for school! Click through to read about all the ways to save money.
Preschool Lunch Idea: Mini Fun Shape Sandwiches
10 Creative Ways to Save $100 – Just a few ideas that you may not have considered. You Tube It! I know those cat videos are tempting, but…
10 WordPress Plugins to Save Your Blog
How to Make Butternut Squash Toast |  Did you know you can put a slice of Butternut Squash in your toaster, & turn it into a healthy substitute for bread?! It is so delicious, simple & something you can customize with toppings so your whole family can enjoy it. Make it for breakfast (peanut butter & banana), lunch (avocado & tomato) or dinner (sub as a burger bun!). And bonus - it's low-fat, low-cal, gluten-free, Paleo & Whole 30 compliant, holla! Click to see full instructions or pin for la...
Slow Cooker Brown Sugar Glazed Pulled Chicken
Overwhelmed in your homeschool? Try simplifying with these easy steps!
Fruit Tacos With Chocolate Tortillas
White beans and Ham recipe - easy and economical
fall leaf leaves loose parts invitation reggio
Easy Vegan On-the-Go Lunches: Perfect for work or school, these healthy plant-based recipes will leave you full and satisfied all afternoon long. || fooduzzi.com recipes
Do you question whether you're strong enough to have a natural childbirth? You absolutely CAN do it! This mom shares exactly what got her through labor and delivery with no pain medication!
"The calling to be a parent includes the gift to teach in ways that are right for you and for your children." Robert D. Hales #LDSConf
Simple and Delicious Homemade Gluten Free Chili
I love I have a  list of room by room spring cleaning tips and a printable spring cleaning schedule to get my house sparkling and organized!
garlic rosemary steaks with kale walnut pesto - Healthy Seasonal Recipes
You don't actually have to gather wood to make these VELVEETA Easy Chicken Campfire Packs. You just need a hot grill—and four hungry campers.
Are you considering starting a blog and wondering if you can make any money doing it? You can and here's how you do it!
Garlicky Roasted Broccoli
LOVE these lotion bars. Carry them easily in your purse and through airport security when you travel. Simple instructions to make your own!
Love soda bread but have no buttermilk? This simple recipe for soda bread without buttermilk is the solution. Easy to make, and tastes absolutely delicious! #StartRightEndRight #CG #ad
Do you think you and your family need more space?  This article makes great points about why you should live in a small home, even with a growing family!
Needing gluten free lunch ideas for back-to-school? Look no further!!
What to get at Trader Joe's | Trader Joe's Shopping Tips | Tricks and Tips for Buying Groceries at Trader Joe's || Katie Did What
5 Minute Makeup Tips - No Time For Makeup? Get Your Face On In 5 Minutes! Click here for all the tips.
These essential oil diffuser blends are perfect for bringing the wonderful aroma of winter into your home.
Warm, gooey, dense, moist, and crumbly best banana bread ever! Gluten-free, of course | Tasting Everything http://tastingeverything.com
This is SUCH an inspiring post! If you need motivation to declutter today, be sure to check it out...
Survival Techniques That Can Save Your Life: http://vid.staged.com/88us
Whether you are going somewhere unbelievably amazing like Disney World, headed to the beach, or even taking a scenic road trip, I have Vacation Announcement Scavenger Hunts for Kids that will help you surprise them! ad
Try this Grilled Marinated Flank Steak with Pesto! It's a flavorful dinner recipe that is easy to whip up and sure to be asked for often!
Healthy Breakfast Ideas www.thenymelrosef... #healthy #breakfast #muffins #breads
Homemade Decongestant Shower Tablets - Skip the store bought vapor tablets! This homemade natural remedy works much better, is cheaper and are so easy to make! You'll wonder you waited so long to make the switch!
Parmesan Crusted Marinara Triple Grilled Cheese
In a hurry and need a gluten-free meal? Check out these suggestions for a quick gluten-free meal on the go.
This healthy casserole is filled with chicken, broccoli and mushrooms in a light…
Cooking Tips | Here is Mini Chocolate Cranberry Pumpkin Loaves that you can cook for your healthy Paleo thanksgiving dinner menu
Avocados don't just taste delicious, they're incredibly good for you! Here are 25 unique ways to incorporate this versatile, nutrient-dense fruit into your next meal!
Fat Little Soft Pretzel Bites are soft and chewy just like they should be.   Irresistible, so pop one in your mouth and serve them with a variety of mustards.
Container Gardening in Small Spaces
55  Toddler Snacks (You and) Your Toddler Will Love
Does the thought of taking a family vacation to Walt Disney World seem impossible for your budget? I used to think the same thing. Having just taken our first family trip to Disney, I’m now happy to say that it really is possible to travel to Walt Disney World Resort for under $3000!
I make this crumble several times a week, and it always disappears within hours.  You'll love how easy this blackberry crumble recipe is!
Low-cost rain gardens cleanse runoff (© Cory Gallo, Mississippi State…
50+ Recycled T-Shirt Tutorials
Jenny Barnett Rohrs- Designer Profile on FaveCrafts.com
Sation, Rich In Opportunities, base Sation Sun Worship-her
Easter Chick Cupcakes
MAC Fashion Sets Lipsticks
Peppermint frosting
Directions for baking cakes in tin cans--cute!
Easiest way to frost a cake ever- this is awesome! Get a faux fondant look with store bought icing taste. sweetcsdesigns.com
Petits moelleux au chocolat
Bacon And Avocado Macaroni Salad
Rebecca Minkoff 'M.A.B. - Medium' Tote available at #Nordstrom
Homemade Pizza Rolls
A gorgeous healthy recipe for macaroni and cheese.. Baked Macaroni and Cheese Recipe from Grandmothers Kitchen.
Vegan Maple Pecan Pie
Beautiful jewelry and hair..
Snow Camping and Bacon-Avocado Griddle Pizzas | Reluctant Entertainer
Cat eye makeup for Asian eyes, might look better than traditional cat eye.
Street Style
I love Blackup cosmetic's glamorous pastel look with lavender and gold!  I'll add this look to my holiday party makeup!
Wedding make-up.    Favourite Bridal Look for Spring/Summer 2012:    -Eye shadows in Haux, Blackberry, Shadowy Lady, Sable, Embark and Beauty marked.    -Blushers in Raizin and Sweet as Cocoa.    -Lipsticks in Touch, Velvet Teddy and Crème in Your Coffee.    -Lipgloss in Deelight, Over Indulgence and Ample Pink.    -All by MAC Cosmetics
23 Delicious Ways To Drink Whiskey Tonight
Chicken Ranch Waffle Sliders
If a deli run for matzo ball soup or a pastrami sandwich sounds good to you, you'll love this trend: Chefs are adding cool new twists to classic Jewish dishes, and making them even tastier. Bubbe would approve!
Grilled Pear Salad
Cauliflower Tater Tot Casserole
NeverMore Halloween Lantern
Homemade Graham Crackers are so easy to make and taste so much better than store-bought!
Chipotle Copycat Barbacoa
These are the coolest Handmade Gifts for Men... Pin it now and make them later! the36thavenue.com
No Bake S'mores Protein Cookies- High in protein, ready to whip up in 5 minutes and all the flavour of a S'mores bar minus the guilt! Gluten Free and perfect for breakfast!
Pumpkin Cheesecake Parfaits - Thanksgiving.com #thanksgiving
Tex-Mex Goulash
Copycat Bob Evans Chicken & Noodles
Honey BBQ Chicken Wings #hometailgate
Classic Chicago-Style Polish Sausage Sliders
Celine, S/S 15
Lazy strawberry breakfast rolls that start with pre-made dough. These would be perfect for Valentines Day #cinnamonroll #breakfast #recipe
Berries-And-Peach-Pudding-Tart
Marshmallow Filled Lucky Charms Cupcakes (with Marshmallow Frosting) - Raining Hot Coupons
SPRING POTATO SALAD WITH ARUGULA, PEAS, AND DILL
Amazingly Delicious & Healthy BBQ Chicken Recipes -
Jalapeno Cauliflower 'Meatballs' with Bacon-Chive Aioli - So Tasty You Won't Miss the Meat at all!
The perfect fudgy, chocolatey, gooey, thick brownies you'll ever taste. Plus, you only need one bowl to make them!
5 Interesting & Healthy Polenta Recipes -
Delicious & Hearty Chicken Soups & Stews -
Raspberry Sorbet Recipe     So if you have ever wondered how to make raspberry sorbet, this recipe for easy raspberry sorbet will help you! All you need are frozen rapsberries and sugar (or stevia for a healthier option)!    http://www.flavoursandfrosting.com/raspberry-sorbet-recipe-frozen-raspberries/
One Pot Italian Chicken and Rice FoodBlogs.com
Copycat TGI Fridays Jack Daniels Glaze coated Chicken Meatballs.  Sticky, Sweet, Boozy and Delicious!
Dauphinoise Inspired Pies | Patisserie Makes Perfect
Natural Ear Infection Relief
One Pot Wonder Chicken Lo Mein
Jaffa Cake – Chocolate and Orange Layer Cake
10 Jumping Activities for Kids - The Realistic Mama
Super Simple Southwest Chicken Bake- make this yummy main dish and enjoy. This is sort of like chicken nachos in a casserole dish. It's a family favorite!
Crock Pot Chicken Caesar Sandwiches
Spicy Sausage and Tortellini Soup
Wire Star Ornaments from www.alyssaandcarla.com
Another recipe that comes from the Balkans. The recipe for mantii comes from Bosnia, the small country that used to be a part of Yugoslavia.  This recipe requires a bit more time for preparation but when you’ll try it, I guarantee it that you’ll love it!
Greek Pumpkin and Feta Cheese Pie (Kolokithopita)
Easy rag rug tutorial! Perfect use for scrap fabric!
Coconut Rice & Red Beans. Healthy, Simple & Delicious!  What else could you possibly need?!! I love this recipe and make it regularly!  Click the Pic for this and more SIMPLY.GORGEOUS.FOOD from bestillandeat.com
The Country Cook: Hobo Packets
Handmade Christmas ornaments stamped with your children's fingerprints!
Adventures in Cooking: A Christmas Cake | Date & Honey Cake With A Cinnamon Orange Glaze
Once Upon a Time: The Complete Third Season [5 Discs] [Blu-ray]
Delicious moist cupcakes with one ingredient frosting
Brown Butter White Chocolate Cranberry Cookies. Delicious, Easy Christmas Cookies!
Torta‬ doppia al ‪cioccolato‬ con ‪meringa‬ al cacao - double ‪chocolate‬ ‪cake‬ with cocoa ‪meringue‬
Jalapeno Popper Dip!  Creamy cheesy and delicious!
healthy sirloin steak salad
How to do a Twist Braid and Waterfall / Six Sisters' Stuff | Six Sisters' Stuff
The Best Ever Healthy Blueberry Muffins—Soft, fluffy, and every bite is bursting with juicy blueberries!
Ottaviani
No Bake Mocha Mud Pie Dessert - layers of Oreos, pudding, and coffee flavors all rolled into one lush!
Mini Pumpkin Bundt Cakes with chocolate chips, and frosted with rich creamy cinnamon frosting made with cream cheese! http://www.flavoursandfrosting.com/mini-pumpkin-bundt-cakes-with-chocolate-chips/
Baked Garlic Tofu with Tomatoes FoodBlogs.com
Strawberry Twinkie Dessert | Can't Stay Out of the Kitchen | spectacular #dessert using #HostessTwinkies and frozen #strawberries that's to die for. Great for #Valentine'sDay!
{organizing with style} Color Coded Nail Polish Drawer | Blue i Style
Ariana Grande's Make Up Artist, Daniel Chinchilla, loves to use Too Faced Chocolate Soleil Matte Bronzer to contour. >> How to Contour Like a Celebrity http://www.womenshealthmag.com/beauty/contour-like-a-celebrity
Sweet Potato Black Bean Chili #SundaySupper - Alida's Kitchen
This Vegetarian Shephard's Pie is a hearty and healthy meal. We can't recommend it strongly enough.
cauliflower breadsticks
Orange Oatmeal Pancakes | kiipfit.com
Southwestern Chopped Salad (chicken, avocado, corn, black beans, lettuce, tomatoes, bell pepper) with Buttermilk Ranch Dressing #ad #sponsored by Hidden Valley
These Tuna Avocado Tostadas are healthy, scrumptious and very filling. A great meal or snack that is fresh and low budget. | SmartLittleCookie.net
Crunchy cardamom and lemon biscotti drizzled with a lemon sugar glaze, perfect for snacking with coffee or tea! Hints for making the best biscotti.
Overnight Blueberry Cream Cheese French Toast Bake - Super easy & delicious baked French Toast bursting with blueberries,cream cheese, brown sugar streusel and the BEST blueberry sauce. Make it the night before and pop it in the oven in the morning. Perfect for Mother's Day or any special breakfast, brunch or even dinner
Spicy, cheesy and absolutely delicious, these super easy buffalo chicken rolls are the perfect snack to share with your guest on Super Bowl night.
These soft and moist Mushroom Meatballs are simple to prepare and make a perfect vegetarian dinner!❤ COOKTORIA.COM
Have you ever noticed that no matter how many toys your kids have, they are always drawn to things like cardboard boxes and paper towel rolls? It seems that a simple box will usually entertain them longer and promote more creativity than the fanciest of store bought toys. Rather than fight this phenomenon, just embrace …
No need to go out to Chili's restaurant. Make this copycat White Chili Queso Dip at home! recipesjust4u.com
A healthy combination of refreshing cucumbers, crunchy radishes and creamy cottage cheese. This is a MUST TRY salad recipe this summer! ❤ COOKTORIA.COM
Poblano peppers stuffed with chicken and corn
This is the best hamburger recipe for juicy, tender burgers everybody loves.  My 9 easy hamburger making and grilling tips will have you making the perfect hamburgers all year.  Check out my easy tip for making the perfect patty without tools.  You can change this recipe up for pineapple / teriyaki burgers in a flash and they are SO good.
Macadamia Coconut Crusted Chicken with Pineapple Salsa brings fresh tropical flavors together to create a crispy, sweet crusted chicken using macadamia nuts and shredded coconut. The chicken works great on sandwiches or over a bed of rice topped with the fresh pineapple salsa. // A Cedar Spoon
Mushrooms and Zucchini Bolognese with Italian Style Meatballs ~ A hearty sauce filled vegetables and made easy with the NEW Ragu Homestyle pasta sauces.
Chocolate Swirl Coffee Cake | Can't Stay Out of the Kitchen | this amazing #coffeecake has a marbled #chocolate layer and topped with a #coconut & pecan streusel topping. Love this for a #holiday #breakfast.
Pecan Cheesecake Squares
Moroccan Fruity Chicken Tagine | simply fresh dinners
Easy and Delicious Chicken Noodle Soup. The secret is in the chicken thighs! @natashaskitchen
This cute breakfast with naan bread is yummy, simple and great for birthdays and breakfast in bed. Sometimes it is fun to do something a bit more playful!
Raspberry Lemonade virgin mojito made with no-calories sparkling Raspberry…
Slow Cooker Honey Garlic Chicken is the perfect weeknight meal with just five…
Blackberry Almond Bars | Can't Stay Out of the Kitchen | Your family will rave…
My secret to delicious latkes
Maple buttermilk pie is an elegant, not-too-sweet way to end a meal
25 Delicious Recipes for Brown Bananas - way more ways than just banana bread!
The BEST Bakery-Style Pumpkin Chocolate-Chip Cookies
How To Kick Colds Fast With A Detox Bath. After several years of learning about natural remedies, a good detox bath is one of my favorite ways of kicking a cold fast. Taking a detox bath will help your kids relax, clean their systems of toxins, and absorb wonderful minerals that will strengthen their immune systems.
Overnight+Crockpot+Banana+Bread+Oatmeal
Easy DIY Trick To Make Your Home Smell Like Fall
Creamy risotto takes on sweet flavors in this pumpkin risotto rice pudding. If you’re a fan of rice pudding, you’re going to love this fall inspired version!
Maple buttermilk pie is an elegant, not-too-sweet way to end a meal
Matcha and Strawberry Layer Cake with Mascarpone Filling
Baked Burrito Casserole Recipe: An easy casserole recipe you'll love!
This restaurant style butter chicken masala (murgh makhani) recipe is easy and takes under an hour! It's authentic, no fuss and perfect when you want Indian curry in a hurry.
The Healthiest And Easiest 2 Ingredient Cookies You Will Ever Make
Male Smew (Mergellus albellus) by DickDaniels, wikipedia: This small and striking looking duck is an expert diver and fisher armed with an elegant but deadly bill with a hooked  tip and serrated edges which make quick work of fish, small amphibians and insects and will even comb the bottom for prey hidden in the mud when none is available in open water.  #Duck #Smew
Cauliflower Cheese Sticks
Healthy Crockpot Mini Turkey Meatballs I howsweeteats.com
100 Best Holiday Free Fonts | Free Font Friday
Soba Noodles with Sweet Ginger Scallion Sauce
Chicken Bryan Pasta Skillet
Frugality How-To from the Greatest Generation - 8+ great frugality tips from WWII | Le Chaim (on the right)
Mondechili Italian Croquettes Recipe ~ Food Network Recipes #recipe #food #dinner
Savory Hibiscus Chicken Enchiladas
Chicken Tarragon
Tzatziki Chicken Salad Wrap {from Contributor Angela} | Titicrafty by Camila
SIGN THE PETITION!  Will Quaker Oats Conceal or Reveal GMOs? - Join @JustLabelIt’s #ConcealOrReveal campaign asking @Quaker to support mandatory FDA labeling of GMOs! #JustLabelIt, #LabelGMOs, #RightToKnow
Spaghetti Pie
15 new books you absolutely need to read in September
12 amazing coconut milk based ice cream recipes that are dairy-free and paleo friendly
Caprese Garlic Bread Recipe | Two Peas and Their Pod | www.twopeasandtheirpod.com
Blueberry Balsamic Glazed Chicken
How To Make The Perfect Mac and Cheese by Picky Palate
Wanna learn how to get your kids to behave?
Without a doubt, this is what you want to serve at your next party. This Bacon Ranch Beer Cheeseball will blow any other appetizer you've ever had out of the water. It's just that good.
Why Video?
Modern+Wood+and+Acrylic+Shelf
Thick Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Cookies, so easy and I am sure the best you will every eat, nice and soft and full of chips, so good, I have to go make some more/anitalianinmykitchen.com
Pallet Wood Arrows
This one pot cheesy taco skillet is my favorite low carb meal!
composting bin
Fostering creativity in kids is so important to our future as a society and to the kid's self-esteem. Let your kids CREATE their own ideas and explore their own interests.
Tired of Diaper Cakes at Baby Showers? Check out this Diaper Wreath Tutorial! This article will show you step by step how to make it.  #SnugHugs #Ad
Don't let busy schedule hamper your desire for healthy eating. Utilize these two secret tools that will help you stay on track and take one less thing off your plate. Ditch the drive thru and try this easy pulled pork recipe instead. Throw it together in the morning and eat it for dinner before you rush out the door again.
Spaghetti Broccoli Arugula and Pecorino, a delicious Italian Pasta recipe, fast, easy and healthy. A delicious combination.
These oatmeal dark chocolate cookie bars are a hearty, healthier version of the blondie!
New family favorite. Even the kids asked for more will be making this fast broccoli slaw recipe again. Perfect for lunch or dinner with a rotisserie chicken and great to make ahead for picnics and potlucks
Dinosaur Lunch Ideas for Kids #DiscoverIt #ad @tyson
15 Ways to Eat Eggs for Breakfast
These all look so good. THings to remember to try on vacation at universal studios and the wizarding world of harry potter
Gooey Butter Cookies give you your favorite cake in cookie form. It can't get much better!
Toddler Diaper Cover Free pattern and tutorial with #PampersCruisersatTarget from Nap-Time Creations {ad}
Healthy chunky chili made with lentils instead of meat but tastes just like your favorite meat chili! Gluten free, vegan, vegetarian | littlebroken.com @littlebroken
A step-by-step tutorial teaching you how to make your own prayer notebook and gratitude journal. It's simple to set up and effective at keeping you consistent in your prayer time!
20 things to start doing to make your day 100x better.
Watermelon-Bluberry-Poke-Cake
Pumpkin Oat Greek Yogurt Muffins -- made without flour, butter, or oil, but so ridiculously tender and delicious that you'd never be able to tell! || runningwithspoons.com #healthy #muffins #pumpkin #glutenfree
100+ Free Resources for Busy Women - Ebooks, printables, menus and more
Sweet Cherry Fruit Dip...a delicious easy fruit dip that you can make and serve in literally minutes. Serve with cut up fruit or the cookies of your choice.
Easy Thanksgiving Dessert Recipes
25 Christmas Eve Traditions for couples
Butter Almond Meltaways
Soft, Pull-Apart Dinner Rolls
I love this easy basic fleece hat tutorial. I love the free pattern that comes with it.
The best puppy chow in the universe. Clumps of chocolate peanut butter goodness held together by just enough powdered sugar. An easy treat with only 4 ingredients! Gluten-free & dairy-free!
Cannes, France
Mediterranian living
mediterranean baked feta with tomatoes
Reindeer Corn Cookie Bark....♥
Chocolate Peppermint Pretzel Munch/dcc
Barley Stew with Leeks, Mushrooms, and Greens
Paula Deen's Squash Casserole
Cheesy (Beefy) Enchilada Casserole
Holly Cupcakes
Slow cooker Italian Wedding soup (plus 18 other Italian slow cooker recipes)
Eggnog French Toast
Crockpot Bacon Cheese Potatoes - Click for Recipe
Balsamic Vinegar Chicken with Fresh Tomatoes - Click for Recipe
Cinnamon Roll Pulls
Chocolate Lover's Chocolate Mousse Pie ~ This amazing pie has a chocolate crust with a milk chocolate coating, fluffy chocolate filling, whipped cream and is topped with a chocolate drizzle. Perfect elegant pie for the holidays!
Green Tea Frappe - A refreshing blend of sweetened green tea, fresh honeydew melon, milk and ice. Starbucks Copycat Recipe.
pink lemonade margarita
Julia’s Mousse Au Chocolate
epidavros, greece
10 Best Places to hike in The United States ~ The United States is a huge country with tons of variety, so there’s no shortage of awesome places to lace up the boots, get that blood pumping, and take in some amazing views. If you’ve been stuck indoors much of the winter and spring, here are ten great places around the country to get out and hike....
Fruit Pizza - Click for Recipe
Baby Carrot Truffles with delicious carrot cake from Wine & Glue
Skinny Butter Chicken Recipe
A light flavored Balsamic Vinaigrette dressing
✮ Vinyard in at Domaine Drouhin Winery - Oregon
Canning Tips A Few TIPS that will make your canning easier and less MESSY
Coconut Limeade
Stuffed Zucchini -- use up what the garden has to offer right now... zucchini stuffed with ground beef, onions, peppers, tomatoes, and topped with cheese.
Yellow Rice & Baby Potato Stir Fy My Husband had from his colleague combo of curd rice with baby potato stir fry,Since then i have been trying out dishes with rice and veggies or Paneer for l...
Sweet Quinoa Tabbouleh with Strawberries
Tiramisu Shake - Ingredients:  2 oz espresso or strongly brewed coffee, 5 oz milk, 3 scoops vanilla ice cream, 1 tbsp Mascarpone or cream cheese, cocoa for dusting, whipped cream to taste
Homemade Mango Squash...no added artificial additives, just pure mango goodness, and so easy to prepare with my step by step tutorial , try it and you will never buy mango squash ever again..
Nap on a Hammock.
Lamb vegetable stew.  Lamb and noodle stew with carrots, bell peppers, tomatoes, onions, potatoes and spices. One of the best ways to prepare lamb! | JuliasAlbum.com | #soup #main_course #lagman
#6. Baked Macaroni & Cheese.  CLICK for More Mac n' Cheese Ideas
Delicious Fruit Tart with Cardamom Cream
Smoky #stuffed_mushrooms. Click For Recipe
Tasty #baked_salmon. Click for Recipe
Caramelized Carrots and Onions with Whole Grain Mustard
Hocus Pocus Fizz
Jam cut out Halloween cookies
Crumb Apricot Cheesecake. Something #orange for #Halloween that is not pumpkin!
Buttery Nipple
Spanish Hash {Patatas Bravas+Eggs}
Tandoori Mushroom Mushroom marinated and cooked in oven
Triple Layer Fudgy Mint Oreo Brownies
Thanksgiving holiday soup! Creamy wild mushroom soup with Shiitake mushrooms. The creaminess in this soup comes from pureed mushrooms, not heavy cream. | JuliasAlbum.com | Thanksgiving gluten free recipes
Lasagna Soup
Chocolate Chip Banana Cake Printable Recipe
Bajra (Pearl Millet) Roti (Indian Flat Bread) Sauteing With Capsicum, Tomato And Spinach Bajra (Pearl millet) Roti (Indian Flat Bread) sauteing with Capsicum, Tomato and Spinach
I love eating naan with Indian food.  This recipe is brilliant.
Homemade Eggnog. Creamy and beautifully spiced, all natural ingredients.
Melt in Your Mouth Chicken Breast
Super-Duper Chocolate Kisses
Raspberry Limoncello Bundt Cake made moist with Greek yogurt and only 1/4 cup of oil, flavoured with Italian LIMONCELLO.
Spiked Butterscotch Hot Chocolate - This delicious, creamy hot chocolate with coffee liqueur and butterscotch schnapps will warm you head to toe!
Delicate vanilla cake layers filled with mascarpone cream and raspberry compote and covered with white chocolate buttercream. A dream come true!
Veggie Cheese Stromboli
Chicken Noodle Soup
The Best Homemade Margaritas - Pin now so you have this for Cinco de Mayo!
Kevin's Famous Macaroni and Cheese
Warm Jalapeno-Crab Dip
Carrot and Red Pepper Soup. Click image for recipe.
Easter Bunny Cake
Crispy Chocolate Biscoff Truffles - Easy no-bake truffles made with chocolate, Biscoff, Rice Krispies and a surprise ingredient - quinoa - to make these delicious treats just a little healthier!
Caprese Martini Cherry tomatoes halves, basil sprigs, balsamic vinegar, and Crop Organic Tomato Vodka.
Classic Flan | perfect Cinco de Mayo dessert
Green Chicken Curry
Recipes We Love: Freezing Fresh Herbs in Butter, Oil, or Broth
Ultimate Grilled Cheese with Bacon Jam
Easy and tasty dosa with stale bread,bread dosa recipe @ http://www.cookclickndevour.com/2013/09/bread-dosai.html
Grilled Artichokes with Garlic White Wine Dip
Homemade, Fresh Coconut Milk. Two ingredients- coconut water and coconut flesh. Plus how to open a coconut! Way better and more available nutrients than cows milk. Delicious too. loulanatural.com #dairyfree #coconut #homemade #fresh #kids #healthyfats #weightloss #recipe #milk alternative
Pineapple-Coconut Strata    #sweets #treats
Beautiful Pearl Beach on Bora Bora in French Polynesia
Our hotel review of the Fairmont Hamilton Princess in Bermuda. A luxurious place to stay! http://justinpluslauren.com/fairmont-hamilton-princess-bermuda/
Best Christmas Cookie Recipe!!
Fire Breathing Dragon | The Daily Meal
Another old fashioned heritage confection, "Martha Washington Candy" is a rich mixture of buttery coconut and condensed milk with pecans, rolled into a tight ball and dipped in chocolate.
This festive DIY Christmas Tree Topiary is perfect for holiday decorating and gift giving! Easy to make, you can find everything you need to make this elegant topiary at your local nursery, florist and craft store.
These easy cookies are filled with chocolate chips and Oreo cookies
Triple Chocolate Turtle Cookies
Creamy Au Gratin Potatoes Recipe
The colossal Tian Tan Buddha is one of the world's largest statues of the Buddha | "10 Hong Kong Day Trips" (Free travel guide - Click to download).
Potato Soup with Shrimp
Smoked Salmon Devilled Eggs. Delicious and rich. These devilled eggs are the perfect canapé or appetizer.
IMG_8494Blog
This Slow Cooker Crack Chicken is Creamy Cheesy Ranch and Bacon Shredded Chicken. It's perfect on it's own, on a sandwich, in a tortilla or as a dip!
Salted Caramel Rice Krispies Treats Recipe on twopeasandtheirpod.com Classic Rice Krispies Treats made even better by adding salted caramel sauce!
Apple Pie Taquitos
Banana Split Icebox Cake Recipe
A delicious low carb, grain-free cornbread packed with crumbled sausage and chopped jalapeños. You won’t know it’s made with coconut flour and almond meal! This post is sponsored by Bob…
ECS 4
18 Really Amazing Bedroom Ideas WIth Glass Wall To Enjoy The View
Cushion Walk Weather The Storm Boot
how to make a lighted christmas canvas, christmas decorations, crafts, fireplaces mantels, seasonal holiday decor
7 Great Holiday Hosting Shortcuts via @PureWow
This German Chocolate Fudge will be the talk of the holidays! Thick chocolate fudge topped with a gooey coconut pecan icing! #SweetenYourSeason #IC #ad
Coloring Pages | crayola.com
frayed edge baby bib
Smashed Crispy Thyme Potatoes. These potatoes are the perfect mix. Creamy soft centres with crisp crunchy edges. Seasoned well with sea salt and thyme they make the perfect accompaniment to so many meals.
Breakfast Quinoa Recipe - My Cooking Spot
It’s time to talk about budgeting again.  Wah wah wah.  One of the things that comes up a lot with those who are hard core budgeters is a cash envelope system.  It’s been around for a long time but Dave Ramsey talks a lot about it.    Here’s the thing – it’s a good idea …
Elegant rustic living room with Spanish revival influences [From: Jute Interior Design]
Gluten Free Soft Batch Chocolate Chip Cookies. Just like the Keebler Soft Batch cookies, these gluten free soft batch chocolate chip cookies taste like they're just out of the oven!
This dish has become one of Peru's favorite - for many delicious reasons!
A Stroll Thru Life: 304th Inspire Me Tuesday
Easy Homemade Breadsticks Recipe. No mixer required for this bread recipe - it's made 100% by hand!
Honey soy tofu - this is the BEST tofu I have ever had anywhere! It's so quick and easy to make, and tastes unbelievable - I made it again two days later! It's sticky, chewy, crispy, sweet, salty... just perfect.
MACK:
No-Boil Chicken Penne
Dropbox Paper for Mac
Sweet potato & gouda quesadillas - This tasty appetizer takes winter vegetables and dresses them up in a warming recipe that will banish the winter blues.
$14 Arrows Sheet Set - Pillowfort™
This Easy Creamy Cajun Pasta with Smoked Sausage is satisfying and packs a lot of flavor. It feels indulgent, but clocks in under 375 calories serving, for a family-pleasing dish. recipe at TidyMom.net
Guest Post: Repeat Crafter Me — Owl Granny Square Pattern
Paleo Lemon Bars - A healthy, grain/refined sugar free remake of the classic! SO easy and only 5 ingredients! | Foodfaithfitness.com | @FoodFaithFit
An East meets West multicultural Trentadue Winery wedding by Kreate Photography and L'Relyea Events
Coral salty, sweet salmon, a soft oozing poached egg, lime spiked avocado and the kick of chilli cooled with sour cream. All on top of a toasted english muffin. This muffin breakfast is miles away from the McMuffin. With a short cooking time this recipe is perfect for brunch.
Jasmine slipper pattern
Slow Cooker Asian Glazed Chicken Recipe
Time to get festive! Spring in Prague
VELVEETA® Easy Chicken Campfire Packs
No Churn Strawberry Cheesecake ice Cream. Everyone needs this in their lives!!! It is the perfect desert, it tastes like a cheesecake but is simple to make! And what is more this is a no-churn ice cream recipe! Yup no ice cream machine needed! | Sprinkles and Sprouts
Save the dish washing for another day, and just make this cheesy BLT breadsticks recipe instead. It's a crowd pleaser for sure!
This easy Corn and Feta Salad is perfect for picnics, potlucks and hot summer days! Serve as an appetizer, a topping for whole grains or as a salsa with grilled chicken or fish.
Coconut Almond Butter Granola Recipe | My Cooking Spot
Spinach And Artichoke Creamy Penne Pasta Recipe
Honey teriyaki chicken recipe. Only 322 calories!
Pecan pie bread pudding
Layered Ground Chicken Taco Salad in a Jar | Good Life Eats
CrockPot Pepper Steak Recipe
Pumpkin Pie Bites | My Cooking Spot
Oatmeal Apple Spice Cake is such an easy dessert to throw together. Perfect for any fall get together
Grain Free and Paleo Double Fudge Almond Butter Brownies - rich, decadent, gluten free, dairy free, soy free, no refined sugar http://www.paleorunningmomma.com/almond-butter-brownies-paleo/
S'mores aren't just for the campfire! Here are 13 incredible S'mores Treats to enjoy this Fall. There are so many ways to incorporate the marshmallow, chocolate and graham cracker flavors. From ice cream to whoopie pies to popcorn!
Dinner time will never be the same thanks to these zesty and delicious Pork Meatballs with Currants!
These soft and fluffy homemade cinnamon rolls taste even better than Cinnabon. This is the best ever recipe I've found for cinnamon rolls and is so easy!
Simple and Easy Hot Ham and Cheese Rolls using crescents!! via @Wannabite
Creamy Spinach and Artichoke Penne Pasta Recipe
Learn how to make your own homemade butter in the food processor. Includes a cost breakdown and cost comparison to store-bought butter.
How to clean grout lines.
Vineet Bahl Printed cotton-crepe top found on Polyvore
Just Bring the Chocolate
Skinny Mini Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Muffins
Thin Waist, Fat Wallet 10 Ways to Save Money While Losing Weight.  Great tips--some of which you may not have thought of before!
How to Organize Your Drawers to Make More Room
How to Organize Instruction Manuals and Warantees
Organizing your Rewards Cards
GRILLED BRUSCHETTA CHICKEN  @placeofmytaste.com #chicken #quickmeal
20 Make ahead breakfast #recipes and #tips to make morning routines easier.
Celebrate autumn flavors with this deliciously moist pumpkin cornbread. A perfect complement to a hearty soup or stew #menuplanning #fallrecipes #pumpkin ~ realthekitchenandbeyond.com
budget friendly valentine's idea #valetinesday #frugal
Irish Potatoes ~ a sweet treat that is a favorite hit for St. Patrick's Day
SEA SALT CARAMEL BROWNIES #RECIPE - Fudgy chocolate brownies, smooth caramel and salt - what an awesome combination!!
Pink Panther Ice Cream ~ raspberry, orange, and cassis make this fresh ice cream a perfect day's ending when you are wishing for summer.
Summertime, and the mood is easy....summertime is coming! My favorite potato salad is #gluten-free. Tangy and creamy, this is the stuff I grew up on. I can almost make it in my sleep.
Fresh Pineapple Margaritas -- easy to make with fresh pineapple, and perfect for #CincoDeMayo! | gimmesomeoven.com #margarita #recipe
Strawberry Rhubarb Goat's Cheese Pie ~ a perfect spring pie - sweet tart with a creamy layer of earthy goat's cheese.
How to Speed Clean Any Room - awesome and simple tips that anyone can do!
Deliciously tangy, sweet rhubarb bars with a sweet shortbread crust.
Reading tips, ideas and resources for teaching children to be proficient readers from growingbookbybook.com
These Gluten Free Blueberry Cornbread Muffins are perfect for breakfast or two pair with soup. Eat immediately or bake and freeze for easy meals
DIY bellini bar I howsweeteats.com
Chocolate Truffle Bars Recipe
How to Bake Grain-free with Coconut Flour
Salmon in Cardamon Sauce--cardamom aids in digestion, detoxifies, has anti-inflammatory properties and antioxidants.  #salmon #cardamom #healthyrecipes
Pumpkin AND kale? This soup recipe is heavenly.
Pecan Pie Truffles that taste just like the real thing. #dessert #holiday #thanksgiving #easy #chocolate
Trying to eat healthy? Smoothies are the perfect way to start your morning, and an easy way to get fruit and veggies is with healthy smoothie recipes.
These valentine's day crafts are a wonderful way to decorate your home!
101 Noncandy Valentines for Kids
Raspberry Jam Cheesecake Muffins - Erren's Kitchen #delicious #recipe #muffins
Pizza in 30 minutes! No waiting for the delivery guy! #dinner
This updated Crunchy Asian Ramen Noodle Salad recipe takes just minutes to make, and is sweet, savory, and SO good! | gimmesomeoven.com
Slow Cooker Paleo Ropa Vieja
Chicken Fajitas {Recipe} | Fit & Healthy 365 MUCH better for you than any packet! Lowest sodium option! Making this tonight!
Jalapeño Queso Chorizo Burgers with a Homemade Sweet and Spicy Chipotle BBQ Sauce [ad] for #VivaLaMorena
Silly Face Sandwiches, Fun lunch ideas for kids, Silly face zip lock bags, Make your own Silly Face Sandwiches #ad #Snackation
Coconut Almond Dark Chocolate Ice Cream {Vegan} by Taste Love and Nourish
Empty Tomb Rolls
Broccoli Cheese Soup -- rich, creamy, delicious, and lightened up with a few simple tweaks! | gimmesomeoven.com
Tons of homemade halloween costumes for adults
Lemon Cheesecake - Taste and Tell
The Best Crockpot BBQ Chicken - Family Fresh Meals
DIY Pumpkins with Realistic Looking Stems | www.andersonandgrant.com
Disney Frozen Melt My Heart Bedding Collection
Balsamic Pumpkin Lasagne
how to clean make up brushes
The Paleo chicken recipe we have for you today is Paleo Sweet & Sticky BBQ Chicken Recipe. We hope that you enjoy our new recipe. My all-time, go-to easy chicken dinner is something my kids call “sticky chicken”. I used to just take a bottle of bbq sauce and that cheap maple syrup (that’s probably just made ofContinue
Buzzfeed article: 23 Delicious Chicago Eats
This delicious dip is my go to appetizer!  Creamy, cheesy and just a little bit spicy, this is the appetizer that everyone LOVES!
Roasted Brussels Sprouts and Squash with Dried Cranberries and Dijon Vinaigrette -- the perfect side dish for #Thanksgiving!
Funfetti Dessert Nachos
cheese-and-bean-queso_12
TGI Friday's Baked Potato Skins are a delicious appetizer that taste just like the best parts of a baked potato.
Stop looking through all your recipes, because this Rice Krispie Caramel Mashmallow is the only easy desserts recipe you will need this summer! You can even serve it as an appetizer at you barbecue.
SLOW-COOKED KARE-KARE FROM SCRATCH
How to make cauliflower taste delicious - eat tasty meals whether you're vegetarian, trying out whole30, need paleo recipe ideas, or are just mixing it up.
Hosting a brunch party soon? Here's your guide to making the best mimosa bar possible!
Simple Sesame Noodles
Double Chocolate Zucchini Muffins
Fun Salt Dough Dinosaur Fossils to make with preschoolers and kinder aged children - paint them to make them even more realistic.
Chicken Alfredo Spaghetti Squash | thegunnysack.com
Sweet Potato Spaghetti Casserole {Grain Free, Lower Carb}
Grilled Chipotle Pork Chops #SundaySupper
Slow Cooker Pineapple Salsa Pork
Grilled Asparagus with Lemon and Manchego Cheese for #SundaySupper
Use Powepoint to display your centers rotations.
Apple Crisp Cookies
Greek Quinoa Salad
Teaching Tips
What’s New in the World of Farmhouse Home Decor DIY and More - Page 7 of 12 - The Cottage Market
Steampunk Pendulum Clock this is cool and it might be cool if we have a lot of clocks on stage as props, of diff sizes and shapes and stuff which could go with the whole devil controlling time thing
Rhubarb Strawberry Crumble - with a twist of black pepper and fruity balsamic vinegar! www.chewsandbrews.ca
Cheesy Baked Shrimp and Spinach Dip
Baked Bacon Cheese Onion Dip Recipe | http://shewearsmanyhats.com/baked-bacon-cheese-onion-dip-recipe/
The best way to enjoy chicken Parmesan! Delicious (double-coated) chicken with…
Oh. my. word. This recipe was DELICIOUS!! We’ve become accustomed to bland and starchy shepherd’s pie, but this… THIS was incredible. It was FULL of flavor and so healthy. I subbed sweet potat. for  white & added a cup of chopped celery and a rinsed can of red kidney beans to the simmering pot of meat (ground beef for us) and veggies. The only drawback I encountered was that right out of the oven, it was pretty soupy, so I might let it sit on the counter for 10 min or so before serving. 09.11.16
Vegan Blueberry French Toast Breakfast Muffins
I was provided a Sushiquik  to facilitate this review and giveaway. Any and all opinions expressed are my own.   It's easy to make your o...
Bangkok Coconut Curry Noodle Bowls
The EASIEST Cheesecake recipe - made in a blender and a Blendtec GIVEAWAY!!
Cranberry Apple Walnut Tart | Garlic & Zest
Satisfy your donut cravings with these Apple Chai Donut Muffins! Full of chai tea and apple flavor without the grains and refined sugar! Paleo + Vegan option!
Baked Ham and Cheese Rollups - These are a crowd pleaser EVERY time I make them.
80 ideas for a bored jar! I'd use this for myself just as often as I would babysitting, or for future bumpkins.
Overexposing Photography Tips - ItsOverflowing
Cranberry Cheesecake Pie is part pie, part cheesecake, and completely delicious!
These easy healthy AVOCADO CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES have a cake like texture. These avocado chocolate cookies are made from scratch, low fat and made with no butter, no shortening and no oil. Sugar free cookie recipe option also available. From cakewhiz.com
illustrated by Sandra Builes for Chanel
be nice of leave. seems reasonable.
Nice floors.
Brownie batter, poured over oreos, arranged over cookie dough, served warm with ice cream on top. Yum
pretty colors in transparent glass.
baby
No Bake Nutella Cheesecakes
Ranch powder mixed with Greek yogurt instead of sour cream. Tastes exactly like ranch without any of that fat and large amounts of calories and Greek yogurt is so good for you.  Perfect for getting people to eat vegetables without compromising the healthiness. So excited.
25 Ideas to Get Your Child Ready to Write
Thai-style Stir-fried Chicken
spider decoration for class party
another pinner said: I made these 7up biscuits last night and they were the bomb, we are talking nuclear.  The kids raved and raved and two batches were gone in 3.5 seconds.
Root Beer Float Pops
oven roast potatoes with bacon.
hidden TV
Baking with Blondie: No-Bake Energy Bites
good sleeve drafting technique
Halloween Treats - Fill vending capsules with treats! #halloween
Design your own Hat - for Jan Brett's "The Hat" and use sentence frame "My hat is _________ and holds ___________."
Silver casserole servers turned spice racks - how cool! By Mod Vintage Life
Growing Sprouts in a jar {Onekriegerchick.com}
Surf top.
YOGA, Spiritual Gangster
Split Stripes Maxi Skirt #anthropologie
florals
Shabby Vintage Tin Can Craft - Fox Hollow Cottage
dream apartment
breezy palms
Dining room.
Snowman Breakfast
Cranberry Vanilla Christmas Cookies
Free Printable Christmas Bingo
Hi Sugarplum | How to Print and Frame oversized art for $25
Chili Cheese Nachos from @Savannah Littman
use these instead of ice packs - - not too cold for kiddos to handle - -Owie Owls - Ice Pack alternative ~ Sugar Bee Crafts
8 Fun Beach Party Ideas and Tips! ~ from TheFrugalGirls.com #beach #parties--------------------- I like the buckets idea and the crabby sandwich idea! ~ N
Apple Cider Donut Muffins  www.thenymelrosefamily.com #muffins #applerecipe
Monster Marker Prints ~ Coffee Filters and marker Art  Start with a coffee filter and markers. Color. Spray down with squirter and press between two sheets of white paper.  Create monster. :)
To all my fellow diet coke drinkers....Here's how to make a dirty diet coke! You will thank me later :) www.bddesignblog.com #dirtydietcoke #dietcoke #cocunut
Homemade Vanilla Granola
DIY Coupon Book Free Printable - seven thirty three
Upcycle Thrift Store Finds...hang old silver serving trays as wall art.
comfy!
Desk Lamp revival, Delineate Your Dwelling #office #light #white #gold
heart shape cinnamon rolls
How to make an exploding rainbow. A science fair idea or easy science activity for kids
Summertime Wood Slat Photo Display
Our DIY work bench was put together with IKEA supplies to keep the price low. Using RAST dressers, LINNMON table tops, and KALLAX shelves let us customize the perfect space on a budget. Recreate this workbench to get your garage organized!
BEST Homemade stain remover EVER! "This trick worked wonders!!! I thought my sliding pants were ruined, but this actually worked!!"
Make a Baby Quilt from Receiving Blankets
Upgrade Your Interior Doors with Paint - such a dramatic (and EASY) change! Love that a source list is also included for this space!
Blueberry Oatmeal Smoothie | InSearchOfYummyness.com | #recipe #healthy #smoothie
This list has some of my favorite unusual uses for toothpaste like cleaning fingernails, foggy headlights and more! For something so inexpensive, it sure does a lot of great things.
questions I ask my kid every day
Crock Pot Cherry Dump Cake Recipe
How to Make a Wooden Growth Chart for under $5! www.thepinningmama.com
My favorite shirt by 22shadesofgray on Etsy
Kitchen in luxury home with white cabinetry
43 Insanely Cool Remodeling Ideas For Your Home
My glam closet dreams didn't match my real closet budget. With lots of research and planning, I was still able to create a completely organized and beautiful space without cashing in our retirement savings. Click for the tips on where we saved!
25 Soft and Rustic Baby Boy Nursery Ideas | Having a baby boy? Find soft and rustic nursery decor inspiration from Everyday Enchanting's roundup of 25 soft and rustic baby boy Ideas!
Painted Thanksgiving Pumpkin with Gold Deer Silhouette - perfect centerpiece for the Thanksgiving table
This Cranberry Orange Rolls Breakfast Wreath is perfect for Christmas morning or for overnight holiday guests!
Transforming outdated stained wood bookcases and a dark brick fireplace to bright, white, modern and current space.
Christmas home decor with decorating ideas and tips. Design Dazzle
Tame the under sink cabinet with these 5 simple tips
This is AWESOME!  A source list of more than 20 AFFORDABLE accent chairs by Designer Trapped in a Lawyer's Body.
Spicy California Shrimp Stack
Boho - Eclectic Master Bedroom Details
Asian Chicken Cranberry Salad
11 Stunning Smoothie Bowls That Are Healthy And Delicious AF
Would you like luxurious locks and be the envy of your friends? This homemade conditioner for natural hair will sooth dry and damaged hair and give it a silky luster plus it only takes minutes to whip up.
Easy to create DIY Paper Flowers.  Full tutorial from View From The Fridge
Saucy Asian Meatballs | gimmesomeoven.com
Love Bug Pencil Toppers for Valentine's Day
diy-liquid-hand-soap=essential-oils
mycreativedays: This Project Had A Bug Infestation!
You Make My Heart Pop Recipe and Free Printable -perfect Valentines Day treat!
Snickers Dip
Free Finds Make A New Table mycreativedays.com
Fine motor skill development information and fun activity ideas for all ages.
Free floral meadow embroidery pattern
10 Cricut Explore Air Tips & Tricks
Organization : Stick this free printable password log in your binder and never lose your passwords again! Easy organization for all of your online log-ins.”
Fabric Wall Treatment Using Starch
Meyer Lemon Ricotta Cupcakes with Ginger Buttercream
Grey and White.
Three Berry Yogurt Pops. A great recipe for summer. | Doughmesstic
Farmhouse Free Printables - The Cottage Market
Easy Dinner Idea: Oven Baked Meatball Sandwiches Recipe
Skinny Chunky Monkey Cookies - only 56 calories per cookie! SixSistersStuff.com
20 Perfect One Week European Itineraries – The Overseas Escape
Monster Cookie Dough Dip
Back-porch21.jpg 427×640 pixels
Farmhouse Fall Porch - Rooms For Rent blog
Transformation of interior doors and hallway using decorative moulding.
FREE Hot Chocolate Bar Printable that says "Baby It's Cold Outside". Perfect for holiday parties or weddings! MountainModernLife.com
Fall cleaning checklist - Ask Anna
carrie's apartment from SATC movie
Chevron dresser fun. 
Chalkboard with table themes
Love life
.
Spinach & Strawberry Salad for Easter Brunch
{watercolor} very Helen Frankenthaler-esque...this piece by Lauren Adams.
Wool Braid Necklace by Elsinore Carabetta
Tooth & Tooth Fairy
Never give up on a dream // Hola Design
Spiked Raspberry-Lemonade Cupcakes
Baby Spinach Salad with Roasted Strawberries
Another pinner says: I paid for a class about this stuff and forgot everything.  This is probably the most easy to understand dslr camera tutorial I've read.
lil nug!
Bridesmaid Dress Weights - Keep bridesmaids' dresses from blowing in the breeze at an outdoor wedding. -very smart...#DBBridalStyle
numerals
How to knit a headband
Future reference......This would have been good to know. These recommended pregnancy exercises will help you prevent excess weight gain, will increase your energy level, will keep your arms and legs from getting "bigger" and will help you feel good about yourself during your pregnancy...future reference
upside down drawer pulls for chalk holders
Kitchen Art?
Teal Tribal Bathing Suit
Grey and colors deco.
erin-hiemstra-apartment-34
cutoffs, jacket, heels
Cork board on the inside of your cupboards for recipes or little notes. Eliminates piles of little notes all over the counter.
black moroccan tiles
How to fold t-shirts to make them more organized and easy to see. I love when Pinterest changes my life!
I have wasted countless gallon ziplock bags when traveling - just unscrew the lids and put some plastic wrap over the opening then screw the lid back on for a much easier spill solution!
The most common form of despair
truth
great navigational signage {wedding}
danielle kroll : journals
Catherine Deneuve
Much better. Have to remember this!
Glitter pumpkins.
Nice!! - Right after using the grill, unplug it and place a wet double-sheet of paper towel between the lid and the surface. The leftover heat causes the towel to steam and clean the grill. Wiping it dry with another paper towel is all that’s needed.
playing with candy: candy experiments (part one) | what to do with that #halloween candy (other than eating it!) #weteach
Slow Cooker Creamed Corn - So rich and creamy, and unbelievably easy to make with just 5 ingredients. Doesn't get easier than that!
lake house
Life With Kolbi: blogtips
Coffee table decor
Free Printables  - New Years Eve Party Decorations - Haute Chocolate
leather + denim
2014's #SocialMedia Checklist for Businesses - #infographic
4 Ways We Suggest Using Pinterest for Your Business
DIY Wrapped Bottles and Vases
DIY blackhead remover.
Pretty Christmas Tree: http://www.stylemepretty.com/destination-weddings/2014/12/24/festive-photo-shoot-in-germany/ | Photography: Tanja Kibogo - http://www.kibogophotography.com/
The Most Inspiring Advice Taylor Swift Gave Fans In 2014 -to a fan on tumblr
How to be the best at social media
5 Wallet-Friendly Ways to Create Big, High-Impact Art
DIY Inspo
I love protein bites before the gym. These may be my next recipe!   www.facebook.com/Maureen.cross1019
back
DSC_0024
Joybird Soto Chair from Pam G.
Joybird Soto Cushions and Covers, Soto Cushions and Covers, Soto Chair from Paul B.
Neutral living room
8-favorite-outfits-for-summer
Standing Moves for a Super-Flat Stomach
SONY DSC
Exploding Paint Bombs Activity
alice in wonderland
Homemade Coffee Creamer
Basics of a Classic Wardrobe Wardrobe Essentials Fashion basics Capsule wardrobe One suitcase Preppy classic autumn winter style
IMG_0349
The Best Brownies in the World | These are our absolute favourite brownies in the world. We make them time and time again!
Like it all, but Dying for this rug!!!!!!!!! Organic Cotton Pintuck Duvet Cover + Shams - Feather Gray | west elm
gorgeous.
dark bedroom--Derona's Mini Duplex Small Cool Contest | Apartment Therapy
3 Health Podcasts You Should Be Listening To – Healthy Helper
Moderate Treadmill Interval Workout
Scrap Ribbon Tree Ornaments are a beautiful, rustic, and perfect for Christmas!
Main Dishes: Chicken Tortilla Bake with only 6 ingredients! (items you probably already have on hand) www.thirtyhandmadedays.com
One Pot Chili Mac and Cheese - Two favorite comfort foods come together in this easy, 30 min one-pot meal that the whole family will love!
Cranberry+Feta+Pinwheels:+a+sweet+and+salty+combo+that's+perfect+for+a+Christmas+appetizer.+the-girl-who-ate-everything.com
Chris Loves Julia: DIY Solid Wood Wall-to-Wall Shelves - possible open shelves on east wall or by sink?
These festive Marble Sugar Cookies are a unique take on traditional Christmas Sugar Cookies and will be one of your family's favorite Christmas Desserts. This is a great Christmas Cookie that is easy to make and tastes great too!  Follow us for more fun Christmas Foods.
One Pot Chili Mac and Cheese - Two favorite comfort foods come together in this easy, 30 min one-pot meal that the whole family will love!
DIY Minion Party Ideas DIY Inspired
Scandinavian Decor: Pink wallpaper with a trompe l'oeil tufted effect.
Outdoor room
Easy Protein Ice Cream from Healthy Helper Blog [gluten-free, low-carb, paleo, sugar-free, low-calorie, snack, healthy, healthy food, healthy recipes, ice cream, treat, dessert, high-protein, post-workout, easy, simple, recipes]
Greek Kale Quinoa Salad – Chef Savvy
Grandma Carolyn's Spaghetti Sauce
$1187.95 soaker tub, $2907.95 with air jets   69" Annabella Acrylic Double-Slipper Tub
This glorious makeover.
Amazing living room renovation with built-in bookshelves around the fireplace and mantel. A nice balance of modern style and color!
madewell skinny overalls worn with the flannel cargo worksheet, madewell & biltmore® fedora, billie boot + zip transport tote.
Cool Whites, Off Whites and Gray White Paint Color Ideas
Soft and Puffy Peanut Butter Coconut Oil Cookies - Averie Cooks
Christine & Will's Serene Hoboken Home
Cruz 5th bday cake!!! Boys Dirt Bike Themed Birthday Party Cake Ideas
love these pretty displays using apples, flowers, and clear glass hurricanes! via ciao! newport beach: autumn dinner party ideas & decor
Grain Free Cinnamon Crunch | Community Post: 18 Low Carb Recipes That Changed The World!
Devon Rachel: My Morning Routine
Carrot Cake Roll by www.crazyforcrust.com | An easy take on a favorite Easter dessert! #cake
So you’re at that vital point of choosing a new colour for a room, or even a scheme for your whole house. Where to start? You may have seen a colour that you liked elsewhere, perhaps at a friend’s house or in a magazine, however it’s important to remember that the appearance of your chosen colour(s) may change depending on the light available in the room. The direction and type of light are both important factors. In fact, colour is light!
This recipe for Maple Apple Breakfast Sausage is the perfect addition to your weekend breakfast or brunch! Made with ground chicken, it's simple, lean and flavorful!
tips for everyday (sweaty) dressing
WeWork is a platform for creators. We provide the space, community, and services you need to create your life's work.
Free Furniture Plans to Build a Desk Chair 1
Workout Music to Keep You Motivated
4 amazingly tasty ways to incorporate whey protein into your diet! Seriously, you'll be shocked at these delicious options!!
Chocolate Coconut Bites - a delicious and healthy snack--these taste like almond joy bars! YUM!! - Kate Moving Forward
$45 Flush Mount Light Fixture via @Home Depot
Two simple brackets and a piece of wood = bedside ledge for the basics. Nice!
This fired ink art is so cool! It's easy enough for kids to do and turns out beautiful! Great summer craft activity to do with your kids. DIY home decor or wall art.
LAUNDRY ROOM TOUR - Clean Mama
Carrot Cake Breakfast Cookies ~ Thick, soft, and full of fresh carrot and…
Sentiment background techniqueby Jennifer McGuire Ink
High-Protein Chocolate Peanut Butter Cookies #recipe #healthy #proteinpowder
Design, DIY & Home Improvement blog focusing on hunting for your own personal style… on any budget "Hunted Interior"
Machu Picchu, Peru
Iguaçu National Park, Brazil
Sunset
Swimming in the rain
Enjoy the view... double waterfall, Oregon
St Lucias Pitons from La Haut Plantation, Caribbean
Madrid-Metropolis
"Japanese Autumn"
Whitehaven Beach, Queensland, Australia
Beautiful Indian Brides
amanpulo, philippines
The Church of Nossa Senhora da Penha, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.     The Church of Nossa Senhora da Penha, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Praia Dona Ana, Algarve, Portugal
Drift Wood
Guatemala Cathedral Ruins
"God Head" Carving, Stanley Park, Vancouver
NYC
vienna.
Sumatra, Indonesia. A local scholar designed the bridge made of the roots from 2 trees in 1890. Instead of deteriorating with age, it becomes stronger as the roots continue to grow. (© Robertus Pudyanto/Zuma Press)
"12 Top fly-fishing retirement towns" Fishing - Traverse City
beach in Porto, Portugal
Skagway, Alaska.  One of our stops on our Alaskan cruise.
Arashiyama, Kyoto, Japan
Alaska
Hopewell Rocks at High Tide
Full Moon With Aurora In Yellowknife   How I wish I was there seeing this
Capoeira
Antelope Valley Poppy Reserve Park, California
Zaragoza, Spain
Blue Hole, Belize
✮ Pool in Mauritius | Heritage Awali, Bel Ombre ✮ (http://www.facebook.com/BeautyOfMauritius)
Breithornzwillinge
Wild coast of Lefkada
by Savvas Malamas|  Patras, Greece
The Edge of the Sky
Camel estuary near Padstow, looking towards Rock.  North Cornwall,  England,  U.K. Taken by www.westdownhouse.co.uk
Antoni Gaudí's La Sagrada Familia (Barcelona)
Bourton on the Water, Costwolds, England
Kyoto Japan
Hotel on Ship in Dubai ♥ | Most Beautiful Pages
Leshan Giant Buddha - China
.
Sacha Jungle Lodge, Ecuador
Dubai
Paris / photo by The Selby
Waterfall Gardens, Villandry, France photo via mia
Sunset Manhattan, NYC
✯ Corfu Espianada - Greece
Entrance to Sintersee underground lake, Tropfsteinhöhlen Cave, Austria.
Starfish colony in New Zealand. Beautiful colors and excellent photography.
Pont des Invalides by night viewed from the Grand Palais, Paris
p-anettone
valscrapbook:  [ハック通信] 置物ハック、再び Ornament Huck by moriyu on Flickr.
Granada, Spain
Colmar, France
Tomorrowland 2012
Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque, Abu Dhabi
Liège, Belgium
Fortress of Monemvasia, Greece
Mono Lake , CA
Ponza, Italy
5 Simple Tips to Improve Your Sewing @Amy Lyons Lyons Lyons Bell {Positively Splendid}
Milan
Lake Efrnwy reflection ~ Wales, UK
tumblr_mejpthcmpJ1rcoi35o1_r2_500.png (500×749)
Starry Ruins, Belchite, Spain
Opéra Garnier
Mt Shasta Lavender Farm in California via flickr pp
Trevi Fountain, Rome.
Amazing Picture. Milky Way over the Nubble Lighthouse in Cape Neddick Maine by Moe Chen
Les Invalides, Place Vauban, Paris VII
Bora Bora, Tahiti The water is like a swimming pool !
Varadero, Cuba by gabcita, via Flickr
French Love
Rome
La Conciergerie, Paris
{Milos | Greece.}
Incredible Waterfalls
#flowers | Marcie Meredith Photography
Jorg Badura | Exploring glaciers in Chile #blueice
The 100 Most Beautiful and Breathtaking Places in the World in Pictures (part 1), Cinque Terre, Rio Maggiore, Italy
Norway
cool
Varadero Beach Matanzas, Cuba
London Tower Bridge   -  built 1886-1894  -  over the River Thames (pronounced Tim's) near the Tower of London   -   Victorian Gothic architecture  -  800-feet long  -  towers 213 feet high  -
...
Phuktal, India
Porto. Cais de Ribeira, Portugal
Mission Inn - Riverside, California | Incredible Pictures
Mayan Ruins of Tonina - Chiapas, Mexico
Dark Chocolate Orange Cake | CookingLight.com
Edinburgh castle, Scotland
Easy Apple & Goat Cheese Turnovers  thetastyfork.com  #easyrecipe
.
“Nature photography” – Rare Selection Gallery, Part IV | Take a Quick Break
Best Places to Spend your Holiday Leisurely - Part 2 (10 Pics), Hotel Caesar Augustus, Italy.
Best Places to Spend your Holiday Leisurely - Part 1 (10 Pics), Capella Pedregal, Cabo San Lucas
Scarborough, North Yorkshire, England. | See More Pictures | #SeeMorePictures
Casa del Duque in Comillas, Cantabria, Spain
15 Chore Ideas for 4-Year-Olds -- Love these practical ideas for teaching your children to enjoy doing chores. Plus, some chore ideas you may not have thought of assigning to a young child. Great list!
World Heritage - Shirakawa Village, Japan　飛騨白川郷
Riomaggiore, Italy | See More Pictures | #SeeMorePictures
Karlskirche (St. Charles's Church), Vienna, Austria
Templo de Debod, en Madrid
Jafna , Sri Lanka | See More Pictures
16 Do's and Don't to Photograph Large Groups - Click it Up a Notch
Manila Spoon: Festive Quinoa - With all the many holiday temptations let's add to our holiday table this absolutely gorgeous, guilt-free and truly delicious festive HOLIDAY QUINOA! Flavored with cinnamon, dotted with pomegranate seeds and then garnished with cilantro this quinoa salad is a true winner! Please enjoy!
Meteora,Greece | See More Pictures
Yuyuan Garden Tea House, Shanghai
Sweden
Medieval, Dordogne, France photo via aryanna
Vesturhorn, Iceland.
Timisoara, Romania | Incredible Pictures
30 Photos of Fascinating Places Around the World - Voidokilia, Messinia, Greece
Snowmass, Colorado
Mount Assiniboine, British Columbia
✯ Kalalau Beach Cave - Kauai, Hawaii
Jyväskylä
Pisa, Italy
..
NYC. Cold, snowy Manhattan. Wish I was there...
Lagoínha - Ceará, Brazil by ©miguel valle de figueiredo, via Flickr
Fascinating landscapes Which Will Inspire To Travel
Athabasca Falls, Jasper, Alberta, Canada
McWay Falls – Big Sur, CA
*
venice - grand canal
5 Reasons Why To Visit Thailand This Summer
Red Carpet Events
12 Reasons Nepal Should Go On Your Vacation Bucket List | Bored Daddy
Guests at Villa WV AVN love to gather around this outdoor dining table to enjoy the Caribbean breeze with the most amazing view. #stbarths #islandlife
My Blue Hawaii by Cravetiki
Stemnitsa, Arkadia, Greece
Winter in Mariazell Basilica, Austria
Paris street
Rome
The Shard View - London - England -  by Les Kancir on 500px
Tahiti
Calabria-Italy
Yellow and Red   - Bali temple
Golden Hour at Laarne Castle, Belgium
.It's looks like the Marbella's club project http://www.piscinasgodo.com/proyecto-marbella-club.html
12 Places That Will Gonna Blow Your Mind,Prague, Czech Republic
Mexico retreat in Punta Mita Villa Lagos Del Mar #11 A meeting of the minds could be here or a gourmet feast!
Spello, Umbria, Italia
St Barts Villa Rentals: Villa WV DKD | 2BR Rental - Villa
Louis Vuitton at Selfridges, London
Free printable Seuss art -- print this art with a Dr. Seuss quote for Read Across America Day or just to display in your home. {Country Chic Cottage}
Save! Discount codes for lowcostholidays.com
linger long - gate bridge -  san fransisco - california www.outredurf.com
Islamorada Florida Keys
#Jamaica #vacation www.funcheaptravels.com
Venice - one of the most amazing cities in the world www.eurotravelmag.com
Sunrise over the Port of San Francisco, California, USA
London, England
Top 23 Things to Do and See in Venice | Places To Travel In Europe | EuroTravelMag.com
SAN FRANCISCO PHOTO OF THE DAY: May 2010
Rothenburg ob der Tauber, Bavaria, Germany
Part-Time Work at Home Jobs
St-Cirq Lapopie, France
Neptune's Stripes Blanket - free crochet pattern in 5 sizes on Moogly!
Beautiful Imagery of Zion National Park | THE MODERN DAY EXPLORER
Maastricht, Netherlands
This is a must see when driving out to the North Shore of Oahu! It's a popular lookout spot from a perspective that most don't get to view. Enjoy!! - Mark James RA
Now, THIS Is A Brilliant Idea For Your Leftover Candy Boxes
20 Delicious Fall Slow Cooker Recipes
Schwerin Castle and Park -   The Jewel of Lake Schwerin, Germany
Thailand
Views of the mouth of the Saguenay River in Tadoussac, Quebec: http://bbqboy.net/highlights-and-travel-tips-tadoussac-quebec/ #tadoussac #quebec #canada
~ Yorkshire ~ England
Siracha cream sauce
Neptune's Staircase - Caledonian Canal, Scotland. The Canal that Connects the East Coast at Inverness with the West Coast at Corpach, near Fort William. Built Circa 1803-1822.
pineapple upside down cheesecake yum
“ Cannobio,Italy (by Raphael Schmid) ”
The Matterhorn.
10 Diet Friendly Restaurants: Stay on Track When You're On-the-Go via @SparkPeople
Holiday in Rhodes - Find the best beaches to visit on your summer holidays to the sun kissed island of #Rhodes in #Greece.
Cities Collection: Dubai, UAE
20 Stunning Pictures of Nature that will blow your mind
diy holiday ornament wreath
1969 denim pencil skirt
104th PoPP Spotlight - Domestically Speaking
Pictures of Seminyak beach in the north.
The Country Cook: Crock Pot Chicken and Gravy#_a5y_p=1814151
travel
Chapel - Brazil, Rio de Janeiro
Magwa Falls, Wild Coast, South Africa
If you visit India and also countries as far away as Cambodia you will realise how influential that culture was and is.
Montreal, Canada
Pudding makes these Pistachio Kiss Cookies so soft and delicious! They are perfect for Christmas!
A party classic as dependable as your little black dress. So easy to put together, it'll never make you late.
Bourton on the Water Costwolds - Bourton-on-the-Water is a village and civil parish in Gloucestershire, England that lies on a wide flat vale within the Cotswolds Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty
sunset in Santorini
Gwenelda on Twitter: "A sweet morning ☕️☕️ https://t.co/4XpzjWe0yK"
Aquaventure Water Park in Dubai- Fun but terrifying at the same time! http://exploretraveler.com/ http://exploretraveler.net
Peppermint Chocolate Chip Shortbread Cookies - a buttery cookie with mini chocolate chips and candy canes. the-girl-who-ate-everything.com
✮ Neist Point, Scotland
Photo
DIY Star baby shower
Focus - Ariana Grande - Fitness Dance Choreography - YouTube
Reflection of Buddhas at sunset, Thailand | by Anek Suwannaphoom on Flickr
31 Delicious Weight Watchers Dinners for 7 Points or Less
The Best Snickerdoodles - Soft, pillowy puffs that are so irresistible! The closest recipe to Mrs. Fields snickerdoodles that you'll find!
Crock Pot Cashew Chicken Recipe - The Idea Room
No Bake Chocolate Easter Egg Cookies are a fun DIY for kids and Easter treat!
Paris and the Seine River, France
Arctic Ocean at midnight - northern Norway
3d-paper-flower-tutorial.jpg (2000×2000)
3
Grapefruit avocado salad! Healthy and delicious, grapefruit segments arranged with avocado slices, splashed with a citrus vinaigrette. #paleo #vegan #glutenfree Get the recipe on SimplyRecipes.com
Miyajima, Japan. 10.2012
The good news is that there are some things you can do to remove stains from Tupperware containers.
Banana Bread Breakfast Casserole - Use up your brown bananas and leftover bread in this crowd-pleasing breakfast recipe! It comes together in 10 minutes, bakes for 1 hour and is a recipe you'll find yourself making again and again.
Le jardin de Pamplemousse - Ile Maurice - Mauritius
Kruger National Park, South Africa
This Chocolate Strawberry Shake is the perfect healthy treat. Strawberry flavor with a kiss of chocolate, it's like sipping a Chocolate-Covered Strawberry.
Dune walker . That Desert . Rajasthan
Lake Como, Italy
Have you’ve ever wondered which road you should take when you go to travel, we recommend you to take the one which leads to Rome because as the saying goes all roads lead to Rome. Rome is a great city full of history and has plenty to offer if you...
Ralph’s Cafe (Ralph Lauren), Paris.
Pecan Pie Truffles: delicious bites of pecan pie in a chocolate truffle coating! #ThinkFisher
Sunset - Louvre, Paris
Starfish Beach, Cayman Islands must go here!!!
This Stained Glass Cross craft is an ideal Easter craft for kids!
Yosemite by leker on 500px
Fernando de Noronha - Brazil.
Perú
Snow Roofs, Grimentz, Switzerland
Awini Beach, Pololu Valley on The Big Island of Hawaii!
A view from the bridge clachan duich Scotland . Scotland's North Coast, Isle of Skye Isle of Mull, Scotland Water of Leith at weir ~ Fo
Searching for the best pepperoni chips around? Here's a fool proof recipe to get you perfect pepperoni chips in no time!
Pumpkin Spice Cupcakes with Pumpkin Cream Cheese Frosting? Yes, please and thank you! Each bite is perfection. Recipe at livelaughrowe.com
Homemade Honey Lavender Face Wash- This DIY face wash uses honey and other natural ingredients to gently cleanse and moisturize your skin. Give it a try!
Prince of the Forest!
casual
Ornate hawk eagle
Chicken Asparagus Penne
My mom would always make these when we were growing up and we all loved them! This lemon bar recipe is fresh, tangy, and you are going to LOVE the cream cheese layer.
Painted Metal Pink Tropical Fish Wall Hanging, Whimsical Art, Fun Funky Art Design , Metal Wall Art, Haitian Art, Patio Decor - J-451-PK
Cinnamon Roll Cheesecake Cookies that taste like they came from a bakery, but they have only a few ingredients and come together super easily!
love this instead of a wreath! love a good monogram.
Chicken and Bacon Pasta with Spinach and Tomatoes in Garlic Cream Sauce
Top 27 Best Yoga Asanas For Losing Weight Quickly And Easily-----not that I feel I need to lose weight, but I really need to start toning
Visiting the Wizarding World of Harry Potter at Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure? This post shares tips and ideas on how to tour Hogsmeade and Diagon Alley as a family. Ideas on which Ollivanders to visit, things to put on your "must-do" list and more! Wands at the ready!
Best 7 Layer Taco Dip and more for Game Day
Cowboy Caviar-006.jpg
This 4-ingredient healthy maple peanut butter fudge only takes a few minutes to make {naturally vegan, gluten-free, grain-free, dairy-free}
Crock Pot White Chicken Chili Recipe | Diethood
coupon database
Slow Cooker Sour Cream Chive Potatoes
Flourless Chocolate Cake - Low Carb Cake Recipe | Tasteaholics
alt="eczema"
When Should You NOT Paint Wood Furniture?
Italian Lemon Pound Cake
Some more decorated glass block inspiration for you! Who knew that there were so many ways you could decorated a  [Read More]
frugal meals
Make a giant Christmas wreath out of a hula hoop and eucalyptus for some rustic and modern holiday decor!
wow!
Healthy diet tips
fall into flowers! Mums rock!
Mediterranean Chicken Salad via www.jmanandmillerbug.com
Full 20 minute Zumba class
celebrating 20 years of marriage.  #marriagetips
Another pinned said: *I'm repinning this because I just made it tonight and it was amazing!!**      Pesto Ranch Crock Pot Chicken (chicken, pesto, ranch mix, chicken stock)
Coffee-mate Peppermint Mocha Frozen Hot Chocolate Recipe #CMcantwaitCGC
This is the BEST Ambrosia Salad Recipe I've EVER TRIED!  It's made with vanilla pudding!!  My guests LOVED IT! #Summer #Recipes
10 inexpensive dates for Valentine's Day
Fun backyard DIY ideas - I want to try every one of these!!!
Our Summer Schedule How a wahm does it!
See the #ONEdifference in Marley- our Bright Border Collie #pmedia  #ad
Halloween Superstitions
Dollar Store DIY Vampire Pumpkins
#PremierProtein #MixedBerriesSmoothie
25 Days of Christmas Books #books #christmas #traditions #kids
Caramel Candy Bars – 12 Days of Christmas Desserts | http://makingofamom.com/caramel-candy-bars-12-days-of-christmas-desserts/
Cook Once Create 7 Freezer Meals
Cinco de Mayo Fiesta Menu #DelimexFiesta #ad
All About My Mom Mother's Day FREE Printable
How to go green on vacation!
How to budget on vacation -- not feel too constrained, but not spend like it's play money.
Saving Money Anytime, Anywhere
school rules lunchbox joke notes  --> Print these NOW! your kids will *love* 'em! (and they're a great way to get them reading at lunchtime!)
Quick Weekend Meal Solutions with Hamburger Helper® #SaveonHelper #ad
Rich Chocolate Cheesecake topped with sweet Praline Sauce. from #dietersdownfall.com
plastic bottles
pallet
Martha Stewart's recipe for homemade chalk board paint.  Wow.  And in any color. Was looking for this!
how to spring clean and stay green with homemade cleaners
10 Mother s Day Gift Ideas To Spoil any Mom | eBay
ONecklace Review and a beautiful giveaway 5/22 US, CA and Eng
spooky counting printables #free #printables #halloween
Utility hooded jacket | Gap
Mostly Homemade Mom: Homemade Creamed Corn in the Crockpot
Ready for Sleep
Serotonin Molecular Necklace Molecule Gift for by UniqueAnomaly
Easy Homemade Egg Drop Soup -- tastes just like the restaurant version, but it's super easy and affordable to make at home! | gimmesomeoven.com
Simple ingredients...avocado, smoked salmon, poached egg and greens...lead to a breakfast recipe that is nothing short of spectacular.
14 Steps Towards Living a Simpler Lifestyle - The One thing I disagree with is the removal of ALL negative things from my life. If I am always avoiding the tough stuff or not being there for a particularly needy friend, what exactly am I doing, and what am I teaching others to do? I would be omitting service to others, and become a person unable to handle tough situations. We can limit stress from our lives without going overboard; determine your own definition of what that means though.
How to build out a closet using every available inch and without spending a fortune!
diy lotion bars. These are amazing!
Texas State Watercolor Floral Art Print- State Flower- Bluebonnets- 8x10 by LoveShalmai on Etsy https://www.etsy.com/listing/231610966/texas-state-watercolor-floral-art-print
Don’t Buy a Treadmill Until You Read These Expert Tips
This post brought to you by Kolette Hall. Have you seen those wood signs around that have fun quotes or sayings? I have seen them online, in stores and in peoples homes.  They are a fun statement piece and I have always wanted one.  One of the problems I have found as I DIY more …
While #avogoeswest, good things are happening back in NYC at our showroom @studiofournyc // check out our #Paintedplains hanging tall
Enjoy a perfect date night in with this Easy Strawberry Whipped Cream + Valentine's Day Hot Cocoa Recipe. Easy hot chocolate recipe! (AD)
What to Do When Your Child Always Seems Angry
We arrived at Wyndham Vacation Rentals in Whistler to a very welcoming home away from home along with a thoughtful gift. Can't wait to spend the weekend skiing with family and exploring #WSSF2016! #vacationdifferent
Mud pie nature art sensory activity is a fun outside activity that provides several valuable learning experiences for the developing child. It's outside play, process art, nature art, imaginative pretend play, and a fun sensory activity all in one!
Ever wondered how people got those product banners and ads to display so nicely on their WordPress blog sidebars? Let me show you how! Click now to find out, or repin for later.
June Must Haves - busybeingjennifer.com
Outfit brown wedges
Grilled Avocado Caprese Salad
quick dinner recipe ideas for busy nights and a healthy meal
Old Fashioned Peach Cobbler
These Chicken Enchilada Roll Ups are a great appetizer for parties! Easy to make…
This creamy gluten free apple cake is a fool proof bakery quality cake that is so quick and easy to make.
CLWP9BEME
Pumpkin Chili | www.oliviascuisine.com
WOW...64 Holiday Cookie Recipes!!!
Bread Pudding with Vanilla Custard Sauce Recipe on twopeasandtheirpod.com Love this comforting dessert!
So smart, re-use a rotisserie chicken container as a mini greenhouse!
Dip7
essential oil recipes for diffusers
Easy Pumpkin Pie Cake from The Food Charlatan
Aldi Inspired: Italian Corn Flake Chicken & Veggie Dinner Corn Flake Chicken Dinner recipes are a dime a dozen. When I visited the Aldi’s Texas Grand Opening earlier this week, I was excited to bring home a few items to test out. As I walked the aisles and chose items, there was one key thing in mind…how...Read More »
Parmesan Hollandaise I howsweeteats.com
Garlic Parmesan Mashed Potatoes
8 Great School Cheat Sheets - the kind you won't get in trouble for using!
Floating Witch Hat Luminaries
Halloween Scavenger Hunt
How To Make Perfect Pumpkin Seeds
Skip the can - this Homemade Bean and Bacon Soup is hearty and filling and filled with veggies and chunks of bacon!
Vintage Hinge & Jewelry Christmas Ornament
Delicious Millionaire Pie!  This easy pie is one of my favorite NO BAKE desserts!  If you like Ambrosia salad, you will love this easy coconut, pecan & pineapple dessert!
These Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Cookies are rich, soft, chewy, and delicious! They are an easy dessert or after school snack. There is peanut butter chocolatey goodness in every bite!
Mohawk Home Solid Stripe 3-Piece Nylon Bath Rug Set
Blender Banana Oatmeal Muffins
Tuscan Olive Branch Wedding Invitations by oakandorchid on Etsy
Homemade Beach Waves Spray 1
Low Calorie Crock Pot Meals: Cream Cheese Chicken Pasta Recipe
Hat Size Chart for Preemie through Adult {Free Printable} - I came across this amazing resource and just had to share it with you all! Cyndi Byars created this handy guide that takes the guesswork out of hat sizing. The 4-page printable includes a hat size chart that provides average measurements for hats ranging in size from preemie to adult. And best of all, it even includes templates for working the crown and height of every size (no need to measure!). Click on the link below to download ...
30 Products I Stopped Buying and Started Making at Home - Money saved? $2500 this year alone. Are you making these things too or are you still wasting your hard earned cash?
The BEST Gluten Free brownies - no one will know they are gluten free!
cheesy broccoli bake
Southwestern chicken salad with creamy cilantro dressing is 1000x more delicious, fresher, and healthier than any restaurant salad at a fraction of the price.
Salted Caramel Popcorn
A kindergarten rubric or assessment tool for the Common Core Math Domain - Operations and Algebraic Thinking.  These rubrics make it easy to document the student's skills, ranging from No Effort to Mastered: No Support Needed.
Mushroom Stuffed Tilapia Rolls.
Use these Owl number cards for just about anything!  Number identification, number assessments, counting sets and matching numbers, ordering or sequencing numbers, missing number games on a pocket chart, a number line, 100's chart, in a math center, or put on a small binder ring and keep on the board for parent volunteers to review with the kids, or as a quick time filler when lining kids up at the door.
This is completely GENIUS! This is the quickest, easiest way (ever!) to tint mason jars blue! You won't believe how SIMPLE and INSTANT it is to get that perfect vintage blue mason jar color without any messy painting! And you can customize the color for your decor! www.settingforfour.com
Classic Lobster Rolls | The Suburban Soapbox
Baked Cauli-Tots
Easy to make and use, homemade garlic-mint garden insect spray was tested on badly attacked basil plants & a vine and worked with only 2 applications!
Southwest Cobb Salad with Smokey Chili Lime Dressing Recipe {Paleo, Gluten-Free, Clean Eating, Dairy-Free}
framed leaves
Tiramisu Pudding Shots Recipe - LemonsforLulu.com
It’s always fun to design a project which seems to have lots of interest.  The Sea Glass Basket is a fun project using the Bernat Home Decor Yarn!  You love how the bulky yarn just slides so easily through the hook!  The textured stitches along with the millinery wire used in the bottom and top …
This super cute DIY Mason jar tissue holder can be customized to go with any decor in your house. No more trying to find a tissue box that matches!
A delicious Fall pasta spinach salad #recipe
30-Minute Indoor Walking Workout
cabbage roll soup  http://www.sugarfreemom.com/recipes/crock-pot-low-carb-un-stuffed-cabbage-roll-soup/
Did you know 82,000+ synthetic chemicals are used in the US alone? This Homemade Body Wash helps you bathe toxin free, plus it's frugal & smells fab!
Orange Kiss-Me Cake
Gluten-Free Tuesday: New England Common Crackers. #glutenfree
Taste Test: New #Chobani #Yogurt Flavors. #tastetest
Hosting brunch? A #recipe for one of our favorite brunch cocktails: The Blur from Nopa #cocktail #brunch
Fried Yuca with Spicy Mayo #recipe
How to make super-simple gazpacho #recipe
Carrot and sweet potato soup with ginger and coriander
Beer-Braised Pot Roast With Mustard and Cherry Bomb Peppers #recipe
Easy Oven-Baked Pulled Pork Sandwiches With Pickled Peppers
Faith Inspiration {Quotes}
What are the country's culinary professionals doing with #maplesyrup? Six chefs gave us a low-down of their sugar highs.
Slow Cooker Banana Nut Oatmeal - The Lemon Bowl
Coming up with a cupcake idea for a Dinosaur Party for Girls is a little bit tricky but we love how these Dinosaur Cupcakes turned out!  Inspired by a Stegasaurus (from a very colorful Land Before Time!) these fun and easy cupcakes were a hit at our Dinosaur Party. Follow us for more fun Dinosaur Party Ideas!
how homemakers can earn money
Cheesy taco skillets- this recipe is our family's favorite!
Fig Balsamic Roasted Pork Tenderloin
Shrimp, tomato, and spinach pasta in garlic butter sauce
This is the BEST Vanilla Buttercream Frosting. Give it a try, you'll never want cake without it again. Or spoons.
Healthy Cake Batter dip for ONE recipe- Delicious, creamy and packing over 20 grams of protein, it only takes 5 minutes to whip up! Sinfully nutritious! {vegan, gluten free, sugar free + paleo options} - thebigmansworld.com
There's nothing better than this Slow Cooker Spiced White Hot Chocolate on a cool morning! | MomOnTimeout.com | #beverage #chocolate #hot #crock #pot #ad
Chicken Burrito Skillet
Dairy Free Dessert Recipe - From Scratch- Vegan Pudding with Fresh Berries - Red, White & Blue Food
Skillet Chicken with Bacon Cream Sauce
9 books you should have read in high school that are totally worth reading now. If you didn't read these in high school, don't worry: you'll enjoy them more as an adult anyway.
kitchen backsplash STEP BY STEP tutorial
Passion:
No-Bake Cherry Cheesecake Cookie Lasagna - Hugs and Cookies XOXO
Lemon Chicken Pasta with Broccoli | Mel's Kitchen Cafe
Star Wars Darth Vader Helmet Mug #gadgets #StarWars #fanart
Italian Sausage Pasta with Vegetables
Personalized Leather Cuff Hand Stamped by andiestevensdesigns
This Easter Cake recipe is easy to make, pretty to look at and fun to eat! It is covered with a fluffy vanilla bean frosting.
Roasted Sriracha Broccoli is a healthy side dish recipe bursting with flavor! Add this easy & quick garlic and sriracha infused broccoli to jazz up any meal
Egg Roll Stir-Fry: all the flavor of an egg roll without the wrapper! Like an unstuffed egg roll in a bowl. So delicious!
Infallible® Pro-Matte Gloss Statement Nude - Lip Gloss
quick and easy italian chicken
Getting those greens in is super easy with this deliciously creamy Vanilla Mint Overnight Oatmeal Smoothie! | runningwithspoons.com #vegan #glutenfree #healthy #recipe
homemade flock block substitute for chickens
2 Ingredient Banana Coconut Cookies | GrokGrub.com #paleo #vegan #healthy
OrderUp Work at Home Jobs
Berry Madness...... - Basilmomma
Low Carb Egg and Sausage Bake - a filling meal for any time of the day!
Perfect grilled corn with a savory, spicy Sriracha aioli. The perfect summer side dish or snack. 10 ingredients, vegan, and gluten free.
50+ Cleaning Tips and Tricks to deep clean every room in your home! This is an awesome list to help with spring cleaning! | whatsupfagans.com
Sheet Pan Eggplant Parmesan | thetwobiteclub.com
Flourless Chocolate Zucchini Muffins -- gluten-free, grain-free, oil-free, dairy-free, refined sugar-free, but so soft and delicious that you'd never be able to tell! || runningwithspoons.com
Cheesy Egg Muffins
Basic Granny Square Crochet Pattern
All it takes is 30 minutes to prepare these Blueberry Lemon Hand Pies with their flaky crust and citrus glaze!
Healthy Dinner Recipes | Santa Fe Stuffed Peppers   More!
Lace neckline
Sweet Corn Spoonbread and a Great Big "Thanks!" - Southern Bite
Easy Garlic Potatoes
Yummiest Fruit Salad Ever! Creamy, fruity, absolutely delicious!
Chocolate Chip Cookie Ice Cream Bars
50 Spring Outfit Ideas to Copy ASAP | StyleCaster
Pumpkin Cheesecake Crepes
Wedding Decor: Hanging flowers, lanterns, chandeliers & lights
talk with kids about emotions: 'inside out' mini-book and card game
Coffee Liqueur Brownie and Toffee Trifle
Cheesy Bacon & Egg Crescent Ring Recipe
Simple Slouch Crochet Hat Pattern
why I'm making an investment in my appearance
Frozen Yogurt Covered Blueberries -Summer snack! via Family Fresh Meals
The Country Cook: Cheesy Macaroni Skillet
This Spinach Artichoke Pasta with Chicken recipe is made in ONE POT with just 7 INGREDIENTS and is ready in LESS than 30 minutes! This will become a weeknight favorite dinner!
Skinny Lasagna Rolls - Primavera Kitchen
Best-Ever Quinoa Brownies- so chewy and delicious! Plus they're naturally gluten-free and made without any starches or gums!
Homemade Granola Bars from www.whatsgabycooking.com (@whatsgabycookin)
Pineapple Carrot Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting is such a fun twist on a classic favorite!
paint furniture without sanding
No-Churn Funfetti Ice Cream Cake - birthday boys and girls will have smiles on their faces when you whip up this easy dessert recipe loaded with sprinkles! | cupcakesandkalechips.com | gluten free
Gruyère White Cheddar and Kale Strata Recipe
World's Best Lasagna 1.jpg
A super easy lunch recipe ready in minutes, this Avocado Tuna Salad will quickly become a lunch staple. Swap the mayo for avocado in this healthy lunch recipe!
Photo: John Block/Blend Images/Getty Images
Pottery Barn Knockoff Rope Knot Lamp  Oh my goodness, I am so excited about this darn lamp!  It is such a close replica to the Pottery Barn Rope Knot Lamp that I am astounded each and
Easy Textured Washcloths - Two Free Patterns | www.thestitchinmommy.com #washcloth #spa #wash #bath #spaday #textured
Oreo Cupcakes with frosting
Designer: Milla Nova SEE POST SEE GALLERY
Coffee Mocha Cake. This is a wicked cake!!! Easy to follow recipe and here's a slice for you all to try!   Adelenne has made a wonderful Coffee Mocha Cake, and it is so delicious and moist she just had to come and share it on Lovefoodies for you all to enjoy! It's VERY easy to make and the results are very pleasing. It turns out moist with a wonderful flavour of coffee and chocolate. So enjoy a slice with a nice cup of tea!Recipe by Adelenne Lee Prep Time: 30 minutes Cook Time: 35 minutes Yie...
Skip the processed packets of hot cocoa and make your own at home with 3 simple ingredients. Warm, cozy, delicious, and completely dairy-free + naturally sweetened!
Healthy Flourless Blueberry Breakfast Cake- Light and fluffy on the inside, tender on the outside, have a guilt free dessert for breakfast- NO butter, oil, flour or sugar! {vegan, gluten free, paleo recipe}- thebigmansworld.com
135 recipes for HOLIDAY gatherings foods
Slow Cooker Paella
French Toast Muffins Served with Maple Syrup and Butter.
Peanut Butter Chocolate Fudge
Neighbor Gift Modern Free Printable Set Holiday Tags and fabulous recipes for a #Christmas baked goods gift from @savedbyloves
How to Build Attentiveness in the Formative Years - Tips to help you build character in your toddlers and preschoolers, while they are in their formative years. | www.teachersofgoodthings.com
Paleo Pretzels - Just like Auntie Ann's! | wickedspatula.com
GREAT WAYS TO USE BURLAP IN HOME DECOR
suspended door table - creative repurposed doors
Slow Cooker Pumpkin Spice Bread Pudding
aster flowers
Tips for Organizing Christmas Ornaments | creativecaincabin.com
Easy Cheesy Breakfast Casserole | gimmesomeoven.com
7 exercises while sitting down - at work or at home
Sour Cream and Chive Mashed Potatoes
Pineapple Honey Glazed Ham Recipe - WonkyWonderful
Best Pecan Pie Ever, NO gluten, no refined sugar, no dairy, and no soy!
One Pot Wonder Chicken Enchilada Bowls
ginger cookie, molasses cookie, ginger molasses cookie, paleo cookie, gluten-free cookie, grain-free cookie
Spaghetti Squash with Thai Peanut Sauce
Think outside the frame.
My face takes a beating during the winter months as I’m constantly out in the wind and frigid temps doing chores and taking care of animals. I’m so excited to try this aloe vera face cream recipe that Noelle from Coconuts and Kettle Bells is sharing today. Enjoy! I’ll admit it: I used to be a …
DIY Reusable Dryer Sheets
Best Ever Tuna Salad Sandwich! ~ Uses tuna, canned or freshly cooked, cottage cheese, mayo, red onion, celery, capers, lemon, parsley, dill, and Dijon. ~ SimplyRecipes.com
A Shade Of Teal
Heavenly Rolls Recipe
Faisal Mughal | Manager at Ahaf Surgico | LinkedIn
Faisal Mughal | Manager at Ahaf Surgico | LinkedIn
THE SCOOP #160 - StoneGable
Seriously - the BEST Whoopie Pie recipe around! Perfectly sweet with a rich chocolate cake and a creamy marshmallow filling.
Gilford 2 Drawer Night Stand - Threshold™
Slow Cooker Chicken Stroganoff - A reader favorite!
You are going to love these irresistibly easy Swedish Meatballs smothered in a rich, creamy sauce!
Sweet Chili Coconut-Lime Grilled Chicken with Coconut-Lime Cauliflower Rice is a light and refreshing gluten-free grilled dinner. Simple and scrumptious!
Why you should go Backpacking in New Zealand - http://thebesttravelplaces.com/backpacking-new-zealand/
Authentic Brazilian Cheese Bread (Pão de Queijo) | www.oliviascuisine.com | The most popular Brazilian snack is gluten free and loaded with gooey cheese. You'll be hooked!
rosemary chicken, bacon and avocado salad I howsweeteats.com
Floating Witch Hat Luminaries
Delicious Pumpkin Dump Cake with livelaughrowe.com
Healthy 1 Minute LOW CARB Vanilla Mug Cake- Light, fluffy and moist in the inside! Packed full of protein and no sugar whatsoever! {vegan, gluten free, paleo recipe}- thebigmansworld.com
Check out this simple Nutella milkshake recipe . This recipe is so easy but fun and tasty! via @everydaysavvy
Sweet Korean Lentils + Filming with Chef Michael Smith
Melted snowman chocolate bark - a super easy holiday dessert. Great for Christmas cookie swap parties!
The times when I’m stoked about a salad are few and far between. This is one of them! Can I say stoked? I’ve probably used the word thrice in my life, the third being above. I’m trying it out for size. This salad… ugh. So good. I’ve rambled about my love for chopped salads for …
This recipe for no-bake Christmas wreath cookies has just six ingredients and can be made in 15 minutes. These cornflake wreaths are a festive addition to your holiday dessert table!
by Matilde Viegas, via Flickr
iphone photography tips
Craft a Native American-Style Talking Stick For Your Family!
June Meal Plan - a month of homemade,family meals featuring easy, quick, one dish cooking -- from pasta to seafood to chicken. Family favorites like parmesan, antipasto and enchiladas.
5 More Ways to Preserve the Harvest - Homespun Seasonal Living
10 Ways to Use Evernote like a Pro
"That's not how I say it." (tumblr)
"What possessed, ye, woman, to hit me in the heid wi' a fish whilst I was fighting for my life?"
This simple recipe for potato pancakes is great for using up leftover mashed potatoes. You can make them sweet or savory so they are great for breakfast, lunch or dinner.
Jamie+Walltn.png (375×281)
Yummy
"Tis one thing to be tempted, another thing to fall" __Shakespeare, Measure for Measure
Agreeing to marry.
Jamie speaks out as a ghost and says 'Mine' when Frank visits Tuna Town? Maybe Voyager should have been called Voyeur...
Jamie&ClaireComplete by AimCy on DeviantArt
Outlander alert!  From FB
Outlander. Second half (Part 2) April 2015
image
Outlander
Hey caption guy, you had one job.  #PeoplesChoiceAwards #OutlanderPCA
Claire - second half of first season
April 4 countdown.
Lallybroch for Outlander production
Outlander
.
Freeze-and-Bake 10 Grain Berry and Nut Muffins - bake up a real food, lightly honey-sweetened hot muffin whenever you want! #hotforbreakfast @bobsredmill @madeinnature @beerawhoney
4 Droughtlander
Outlander
New
ONE TALENTED MAN. WHEN I KNEW HE WAS CAST FOR "FRANK RANDALL" - I THOUGHT, "PERFECTION".
Outlander Executive producer Ron Moore and Sam Heughan
Outlander returns in one month !!
The Cheeky chickpea is not only packed full of nutrients, and delicious to eat but easy to prepare for recipes! Learn more about this diverse legume! | www.TheSurvivalMom.com
Outlander
I Fookin' Loove Outlander
Homemade Baking Powder Recipe with only 3 ingredients: Baking Soda, Cream of Tartar, and arrowroot powder (or organic corn starch). DIY, easy frugal, tip
Outlander Lego Castle
Oh my goodness. Rupert with a puppy. He kind of reminds me of a big puppy.
Pictures from Outlander
The Sassenach Silver Pin
[GIFSET] 1x11 The Devil's Mark - The Honesty Vow
I know what I am doing
Marvel & Whimsy
Outlander/Jamie stamp
Scotland Forever
secret to healthy marriage according to DG
Jacobite sporran, circa 1745. Made of leather and brass.
"So, Laddie, Got yurself pinned, eh?" (This was a wonderful scene that had me cheering when it was resolved!)
your Outlander August Calendar page :)
how to make rag light garland, christmas decorations, crafts, seasonal holiday decor
Jamie's knee kilt appreciation http://outlander-online.tumblr.com/post/99139440490/photoset_iframe/outlander-online/tumblr_ncx201XxQ21tmejbv/500/false
Outlander
Buffalo Chicken Chili in the Crock Pot
Elizabeth Bowie has been cast as young Claire in #Outlander (according to Pinterest)
Just beautiful!! This is Melissa "I am truly proud of myself!! I still have ways to go, but I'm excited for these results.. Hard work at the gym and staying consistent with my Skinny Fiber is paying off!! I'm ready to kill it in 2015!!"  Order your Skinny Fiber here and let's work together to get you healthy and reach your Goals! -> http://nriccio06.thesfdifference.com/
Bubbles Birthday Party Ideas | Photo 2 of 22 | Catch My Party
Safely Using Essential Oils for Children - Herbal Academy of New England
IMG_5270
Stick of Rice Butter- the best rice you will ever eat.  Promise.  www.thirtyhandmadedays.com
Jamie & Claire face to face photograph Spiral Note Books
Stanley Weber - I still say he would have made a really good Roger!
Copycat PF Chang's Spicy Green Beans - this is the best copycat recipe and perfect as a side dish or vegetarian main dish served over rice - yum!
Hot Chocolate Bar Collage
Balsamic & Brown Sugar Glazed Baby Carrots
Claire (Caitriona Balfe) and Jamie (Sam Heughan) arriving in France at the beginning of Season 2
white christmas tree snowman
Classic Beef & Tomato Macaroni Soup from @kitchenmagpie
Easy Chicken Fajitas! These make for a great weeknight meal because they are so quick and easy... and the kids love to pile them high with their favorite toppings!
What's the best Pinterest scheduler?
Nautical 7th birthday by Honeycomb Events | Cari Courtright Photography | 100 Layer Cakelet
Why not make these easy and simple clam cookies at your next under-the-sea-themed birthday party? | kid’s birthday party
Home Depot posted a trick that literally everyone needs to try. In your toilet brush holder, pour in some all purpose cleaner. This will help keep the brush clean. And let me tell you, the last thing you want sitting in your bathroom is a dirty toilet brush!!
I'm definitely going to do one of the IKEA hacks at our house once we move in. I don't really care if people see the litterbox, but I hate how litter gets thrown everywhere. This way, it stays in the cabinet.
Sugar Cookie Bars
Easter Egg Wreath | www.wineandglue.com | A simple and easy diy!
Increase Your Twitter Conversion Rates With These 12 Stats [Infographic]
15 DIY Fabric Project Tutorials... These are awesome! #craft #diy
Greek Yogurt Ranch Dressing | thetwobiteclub.com
Frosted Banana Cake from SixSistersStuff.com | Some say that this is the "Best Ever Banana Cake" . . . but we will let you be the judge! Serve this for a delicious dessert!
DesignDreams by Anne: The Mini Shed Project aka I built a shed for $30
Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) in Season Two of Outlander on Starz via http://outlander-online.com/
Purses I made on my silhouette Cameo
French Onion French Dip Sandwiches-6
Crunchy Cheddar Bites
Sexier than Braveheart
I've fallen in love with these 'foxy' bags.  I use one for a make up bag, but I also made one for the kids to use as a pencil case too.  These are so cute - free sewing pattern and video tutorial.
There are many ways to stay for free around the world. Next time you travel maybe you want to make your trip more exciting and have a real local experience | The Planet D Adventure Travel Blog
Via jamesandclairefraser: Jamie and Claire in the new official Outlander art. Love love love
Teacher Love Noteslow
Learn how to make Delicious, Healthy Grain Free Granola Bars. You're going to love these! @ IntoxicatedOnLife.com #GlutenFree #GrainFree #HealthTreats
Genius I tell you. I am forever getting annoyed with my bobbins unwinding.
Crunchy, taco seasoned Spicy Roasted Chickpeas make a great snack idea! Full of fiber which keeps you satisfied longer!
Lily of the valley : Photo
Lady Lallybroch
3-Ingredient Brown Sugar Italian Chicken - brown sugar, Italian dressing mix and chicken. Ready in under 30 minutes! Everyone loved this dish! I loved that there was no prep work! Such an easy weeknight meal that the whole family enjoyed!
11 Desk Arrangements for your Best Classroom Yet
Simply Canning
Geillis epi 213 Dragonfly in Amber.
A-Super-Short-Style-Technique
Crispy Honey Lemon Chicken serves 4-6 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into pieces 1/4 cup olive oil + 3 tablespoons 3 tablespoons honey + more for dripping/drizzling the juice of 2 large lemons 1 tablespoon fresh lemon zest + 2 teaspoons 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon pepper 1 cup all-purpose (or whole wheat) flour 2 tablespoons cornstarch In a bowl, combine 1/4 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons honey, lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, and a 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Whis...
Mark him.
“I will find you, I promise. If I must endure two hundred years of purgatory, two hundred years without you, then that is my punishment, which I have earned for my crimes. For I have lied, and killed, and stolen; betrayed and broken trust”
Potato soup is the ultimate comfort food, and this thick, cheesy, creamy, and oh-so-amazing recipe will not disappoint. It's so good you just HAVE to try it!
(Fermented) Fennel, Kohlrabi, and Green Apple Relish from The Nourished Kitchen #traditionalfoods #fermentation
Not known by most people, the thimbleberry is a common, edible wild fruit in North America that fruits in the middle of summer. Follow this recipe to turn those lovely red “caps” into a beautiful, sugary thimbleberry jam to have in your pantry! #thimbleberry #thimbleberries #jam #canning
Sewing pattern for a Rolie Polie organiser. The 5 triangle pouches are removable and then it all rolls up and fits together perfectly. I've made two - for travelling bags for hubby and I. They're perfect!
Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) and the Duke of Sandringham (Simon Callow) in Episode 211 "Vengeance Is Mine" of Outlander Season Two on Starz
5 wristlet clutch purse sewing patterns you'll love. All available for immediate download. Something for everyone, from beginner through to advanced sewers. LOVE these wristlet sewing patterns.
Skillet Sausage and White Beans with Spinach
How to sew a Cowl Neck Hoodie Sweatshirt, with free women's sweatshirt pattern
Make Your Own Yogurt - Costs half the price of store bought!
Immagine incorporata
Pecan Pie Muffins
Easy Zucchini Brownies with 1 minute Frosting! These are quick so easy... and…
Beef and Guinness Hand Pies are a delicious twist on the traditional Beef and Stout pie from the UK. This is a great St. Patrick's Day Recipe your family will love eating for dinner!
Spicy Shrimp Pho
Byebye Love bag sewing pattern.  Pattern comes in two sizes for a regular or taller bag.  I've made both and they are both great.  Love the pockets on the larger one and the curved zipper is actually easy to sew!
Great video tutorial on how to make a zipper pouch. Perfect for those beginner sewers and anyone still worried about tackling a zip.
Jamie, Claire, and Geillis #outlander
pumpkin chai crumble muffins I howsweeteats.com
Kale Salad Recipe
Eating Seasonally in October | Rootsy
Popscicle Stick Ornaments
Outlander
Photographs of kids artwork for framing or scrapbooking
Circus party theme. Cute game ideas.
Fun Craft for Kids
Audrey Tautou by Shayne Laverdière for Marie Claire Russia
Gemma Ward
well alright.
burberry cross shoulder@bloomingdale's
gas station by Arne Jacobsen (1936)
bobbi brown party mix
Model June Pickney in oversized leopard skin sunglasses and coat, 1960.
NATIVE FOX
Emily Senko by Alice Rosati for All Magazine
Aziz Ansari and Rashida Jones
Craving Comfort: The Last Iced Coffee Recipe You'll Ever Need!
tumblr_ll905d0APM1qdp1tfo1_500_large
spiral staircase in the children's room..nifty.
DIANE von FURSTENBERG Clutch - Harper Envelope | Bloomingdale's
Babe Paley's New York dining room - photo  John M. Hall
Britt Ekland / 1960s. Good hair
.
Parker dress, Dolce Vita flats, Rebecca Minkoff sunnies on Cheyenne Meets Chanel
De'Longhi "KMIX" Pump Espresso Makers | Bloomingdale's
Marilyn cute with shadows
Alexis Bittar Crystal Encrusted Sphere Ring | Bloomingdale's
Aqua Tee Shirt - Sleeveless Knot Front | Bloomingdale's
Chanel fall 2012 couture beauty
friends are like snowflakes  all different and all beautiful
Elizabeth Cole 24kt Gold Plated Dagger Necklace with Swarovski Crystals, 20" | Bloomingdale's
nOir Pyramid Spike Single Bracelet | Bloomingdale's
super cool.
Chanel Parfum Miniatures...
Links Of London Mini Skull Friendship Bracelet | Bloomingdale's
Theory "Gabe" One-Button Blazer and "Max C" Pants | Bloomingdale's
B Brian Atwood Glitter Platform Evening Booties - Fortosa | Bloomingdale's
bold eyes
Hudson Jeans - Nico Midrise Super Skinny Jeans in Viper | Bloomingdale's
Burberry Prorsum
Tom Ford Madison Cat Eye Sunglasses - All Sunglasses - Sunglasses - Jewelry & Accessories - Bloomingdale's
peaches & cream crepes
everyone loves a touch of hollywood glamour #aquarocks
Spray paint doilies on canvas = instant and awesome art!
Longchamp Tote - Reptiligne - Longchamp - Designer Shops - Handbags - Bloomingdale's
Nespresso Maestria - Kitchen - Home - Bloomingdale's
Longchamp Shoulder Bag - Victoire - All Handbags - Handbags - Handbags - Bloomingdale's
Paige Denim Jeans - Skyline Skinny in Leaf Print - Denim - Apparel - Women's - Bloomingdale's
Gwen does red.
leather jacket
Alexis Bittar Delano Rose Gold Deco Bangle | Bloomingdale's
John Hardy "Palu Kapal" 22K Gold And Sterling Silver Large Sail Ring | Bloomingdale's
True fall colors...
Mixed Prints
Michael Aram Ocean Sea Urchin Nut Bowl | Bloomingdale's Wedding & Gift Registry
Rebecca Minkoff Cupid Satchel | Bloomingdale's
Mathilda Bernmark
Grand Central Terminal
Z Spoke Zac Posen Satchel - Shirley Bow | Bloomingdale's
smiles
Aqua Cashmere Sweatshirt - Stripe | Bloomingdale's
kate spade new york iPad Case - Glitter Sleeve | Bloomingdale's
Turkish Coffee
Happy new year!
Lagos Sterling Silver and 18K Embrace Wide Diamond Cuff | Bloomingdale's
Richard Avedon. Lauren Hutton, Vogue Italia, July 1972.
dior
Milly Dress - Reflective Sleeve | Bloomingdale's
.
Guerlain Meteorites Pearls |
wall art
.
Miranda Kerr wearing Miu Miu
Tory Burch Fall 2013
Metal mailboxes spray painted...outside kids bedrooms. I really want to do this! And leave them little notes, any mail they get, some treats, etc. Then they can hang their backpack and coat on the hooks! GREAT idea!
Rumi+Quotes.jpg 580×764 pixels
15 Recipes for Breakfast In Bed
Knocktoberfest | Tripod Floor Lamp
woah
jeans and heels
10 Printable Thanksgiving Placemats
how to set a table too. Dabito ThanksTable 8 by d a b i t o, via Flickr
Decorate: Use solid color tape to spell out lively holiday messages.
Easy Sweet Potatoes + Eggs #Paleo #Fitfluential #EAT
demure and elegant
Vegetarian Mexican Rice Bake
epitomizes it.
mother teresa
thinking warm spring rains // khaki trench
Stella & Jamie // great look
how to network after a conference // radmomcoolkid.com #networking #bloggingtips #businessconferencetips #buildyourblogconference
honeydippedhippie
overnight buttermilk cinnamon rolls
Lucky Charm Treats
I've been doing this for over 20 years, it works and remember studs are 16 inches apart on most structures :)
nylonpinksy
messy but pretty
14k Rose Gold 9x7mm Morganite Oval Engagement Ring and Diamond Wedding Band Set (Choose color and size options at checkout) on Etsy, $1,350.00
motivation
cauliflower and olive sheep
Love this opening spread for PL >> Project Life - January by Natty Malik, via Flickr
miracle cleaner
Chilaquiles Mexican Crock Pot Chicken Soup
Watercolor Easter Project Life Card Freebie
Valentino The Rockstud Leather Clutch ($1,545)
Beautiful blooms.
Totally tangerine.
Our favorite kind of art.
Swooning over these studs.
.
Minimalist modern.
All you need with an oversized sweater is a pop of color.
Tell me about it, stud.
Grapefruit Sage Mimosa
double knot twist
natural hair for kids | ... page with many creative ideas on appropriate hairstyles for children
nothingbutpixies @nothingbutpixies Instagram photos |
#MichaelKors for #100percentbloomies
Steven Alan for #100PercentBloomies
The best peanut butter cookies! Delicious brownie-like texture: chewy and soft at the same time!
A lack of boundaries invites a lack of respect
Grilled Pineapple with a Cinnamon Sugar Glaze. The perfect side dish for any BBQ- top with ice cream for a real treat! via lollyjane.com
Navy + coral, one of our fave color combos
Click to shop this image!
cinnamon mini muffins
Sanorini, Greece
Don't Underestimate the Quadratus Lumborum
#100PercentBloomies
Breaking our winter pattern. #100PercentBloomies
#100PercentBloomies
Simple Slow Cooker Lasagna Soup
Wildfox Girls' Tea Time Jumper - Sizes 4-6X
Tara Pearls 14K White Gold, Diamond and Tahitian Cultured Pearl Necklace, 18"
This book list features fiction texts that have a clear problem and solution structure to them, perfect for teaching fiction comprehension and writing!
Printable Joke Bag Toppers - perfect non-candy option for Halloween www.thirtyhandmadedays.com
Becca by Rebecca Virtue Cozumel Underwire Top
Vince Four-Pocket 3 in 1 Jacket
Michael Michael Kors "Fulton" Moccasins
Staub Pie Dish
Boss Hugo Boss Solid Button Down Dress Shirt - Classic Fit
Asha Abbie Area Rug, 2' x 3'
Christofle Malmaison Salt & Pepper Set
kate spade new york Ankle Booties - Betsie Fringe
Echo Vineyard Paisley Square Decorative Pillow, 16" x 16"
Dior Capture Totale High Regenerative Night Creme
Sandro Prest Trousers - Regular Fit
Lancome Color Design Infinite 24 Hour
Dkny Floral Lace Skirt
Gucci Beach Guccissima Sandals
Passionata Adorable Hipster #5174
Vince Feeder Stripe Baseball Tee
Rebecca Minkoff Sneakers - Sander Stud Low Top
Pj Salvage Pattern Mix Pajama Shorts
Twix Cookies - Shugary Sweets
Saldarini Python Print Wrap Scarf
Villeroy & Boch Anmut Colour Buffet Plate
Elie Tahari Houston Fur Collar Crop Cardigan
Michael Michael Kors McKenna Medium Satchel
Baublebar Whisk Me Away Charms, Set of 3
Dareen Hakim Collection Le Versailles Python-Embossed Shoulder Bag
Trish McEvoy Petite Kabuki Brush
Toms Camila High Top Sneakers
Vince Oversized Cable-Knit Dip Dye Scarf
Chanel Le Crayon LEVRES Precision Lip Definer
Frette Mirtillo Wool & Silk Throw - 100% Bloomingdale's Exclusive
Ralph Lauren Childrenswear Boys' Classic Cable Knit Sweater Vest - Sizes 2-7
Burberry London Leather Ellison Briefcase
Ralph Lauren Infant Girls' Buffalo Check Dress & Bloomers Set - Sizes 3-24 Months
Croscill Bling Placemat
Abs by Allen Schwartz Sparkle Statement Necklace, 16"
Pandora Dangle Charm - Sterling Silver, 14K Gold & Pink Zirconia Baby Bootie, Moments Collection
Sue Wong Sleeveless Fit and Flare Dress
Ralph Lauren Plaid Flannel Pajama Pants
Echo Color Block Evening Wrap
Converse Girls' Oxford Chuck Taylor All Star Low Top Sneakers - Toddler, Little Kid
Boss Hugo Boss Polka Dot Dress Socks
Burberry Boys' Pique Polo Shirt - Sizes 4-14
Tibi Skirt - Embroidered Cutout Eyelet
Onzie Triangle Back Bra
Boss Hugo Boss Gulio Dress Shirt - Classic Fit
Crock Pot Honey-Garlic Chicken | www.diethood.com | Easy crock pot recipe for chicken thighs cooked in an incredibly delicious honey-garlic sauce.
Boys' Jets Flex Grid Sublimated DriTEK Tee - Sizes S-xl
Armani Infant Boys' Twill Pants - Sizes 9-24 Months
Easy Sour Cream Coconut Cake - TSLC
Morris Collection Oriental Rug, 5'2" x 8'8"
Longchamp Le Pliage Neo Fantaisie Weekender
Bugaboo Cameleon3 Classic Collection Full-Size Stroller
Tory Burch Fret Jacquard Blanket Scarf
Baked Spinach, Artichoke, and Mozzarella Dip (GF) - Classic spinach & artichoke dip with mozzarella on top! Because everything is better with cheese!
Ralph Lauren Infant Boys' Twill Shirt & Jeans Set - Sizes 3-24 Months
Healthy No Bake Cookies and Cream Protein Snack Bars- Just 10 minutes and 1 bowl to whip these up- Soft, chewy and no refrigeration needed- They taste like candy! {vegan, gluten free, refined sugar free + paleo option!}
M·A·C Lip Bag in Red, Enchanted Eve Collection
Thierry Mugler Angel Seductive Gift Set
Michael Michael Kors Metallic Cindy Key Fob
Sandro Gyselle Lace Back Cardigan
Puma Boys' Bravery Running Shoes - Walker, Toddler
Slow Cooker Stuffed Pepper Soup #crockpot
Coach Corner Zip Wristlet in Signature Fabric
Vince Camuto Brena Circle Crossbody
Halston Heritage Embellished Skirt
Fairytale Tutu Dress
The Kooples Sweater - Python Print Linen
Lancome L'Absolu Rouge
Tory Burch Parfum
Sam Edelman Paige Fringe Booties
Vince Mason Relaxed Cropped Jeans in White
Tory Burch Brody Small Satchel
Boys' Giants Heritage Vintage Year Tee - Sizes 8-20
Brooks Brothers Heathered Plaid Regular Fit Button Down Shirt
Gucci Aneta Mary Jane Pointed Pumps
How to make Continent Cookies:  Hands-on geography
Michael Michael Kors Crossbody - Selma Mini Colorblock Messenger
Gottex Argento Crossover One Piece Swimsuit
Escada Short Sleeve Dot Print Dress
Karen Millen Illusion Lace Cardigan
Calvin Klein Lace Hem Top
Homart Glass Geometric Ornaments, Set of 6
One Kings Lane Gold-Stripe Cereal Bowls, Set of 4
Eileen Fisher Petites Hooded Poncho
Tory Burch Whipstitch Signature T Scarf
Alexis Bittar Elements Spiked Drop Earrings
Bloomingdale's Vintage Carpet Ottoman, Bright Blue
Lemon Butter Scallops - All you need is 5 ingredients and 10 minutes for the most amazing, buttery scallops ever. Yes, it's just that easy and simple!
Young Fabulous & Broke Lulu Ombre Dress
Hudson Sartor Slim Fit Jeans in Smoky Aura
Under Armour Girls' HeatGear Solid Capri Pants - Sizes Xs-xl
Reiss Carmen Printed Dress
Ralph Lauren Childrenswear Boys' Plaid Twill Workshirt - Sizes 2-7
kate spade new york Cedar Street iPhone 6 Wristlet
Tory Burch Miller Ii Snake-Embossed Flat Sandals
Marc By Marc Jacobs Degrade Studded Prism Satchel
Lauren Ralph Lauren Embellished Cap Sleeve Matte Jersey Gown
Polo Ralph Lauren Pony-Print Jersey Boxer Briefs
Trina Turk Jumpsuit - Giametta Wide Leg
Moist Pecan Almond Loaf Cake. The flavor combo is just divine!
N Nicholas Off Shoulder Ruffle Top
Nanette Lepore Tribal Island Jacket
kate spade new york Emerald Cut Stud Earrings
Alice + Olivia Kyrena Embroidered Pleated Top
Mondaine Simply Elegant Gents Watch, 41mm
Jacadi Girls' Knit Trim Dress - Sizes 3-6 Years
Alexandra Ferguson Delish Placemat
Theory Rosanelle New Faded Dress
Free People Vee Vee Cardigan
Karen Millen Essential Turtleneck Top
Ag Jeans - The Absolute Legging in Raven
Vince Jaspe Stripe Tee
supergolden bakes: Minestrone soup - budget bites series
A Gift for the Visionary... AQUA eyes off the changing seasons with this "evil eye" intarsia knit in soft-to-touch cashmere. The lengthy silhouette is an ideal topper over jeans, leggings and more. Buy it! Free shipping through 12/22/15.
Meadow Collection Oriental Area Rug, 9'0" x 12'4"
Sovereign Code Colten Chevron Quilted Sweatshirt
Lost April Blouson Draped Keyhole Top - Compare at $89
Joie Anita Cutout Open Toe Wedge Mule Sandals
Eileen Fisher Linen Button Down Tunic - Bloomingdale's Exclusive
Ralph Lauren Childrenswear Girls' Anchor Print Leggings - Sizes 7-16
French Connection Tapir Wave Dress
Bardot Girls' Neon Bloom Dress - Sizes 8-12
Ralph Lauren Childrenswear Boys' Polo Sport Hoodie Sweatshirt - Sizes S-xl
Decode 1.8 V-Neck Lace Gown
Qualia Orbit Double Old-Fashioned Glass
Bailey 44 Zaha Dress
Creative Candles 18" Hand Dipped Taper Candle, Set of 2
Gossip Girl Girls' Wildfire Flounce 2 Piece Swimsuit - Sizes 7-16
Ergobaby Four Position 360 Carrier
Snow Themed Activities
Nydj Pleat Back Top
BCBGeneration Flutter Sleeve Printed Romper
Michael Michael Kors Plus Musenyi Geometric Print Dress
Nadri All Around Necklace, 16"
Ray-Ban Phantos Sunglasses
Cheesy taco skillets
Calvin Klein Underwear Pure Seamless Bikini #QD3545
Vince Camuto Classic Denim Jacket
Clarins Joli Rouge Lipstick
Splendid Vintage Whisper Roll Sleeve Tee
Cosabella Plus Never Say Never Sweetie Soft Bra #NEVER1301P
Low Carb Skillet Chocolate Chip Cookie
One Pot Lemon-Garlic Chicken and Veggies - Tender, garlicky, seared chicken thighs baked with sweet peppers, onions and tomatoes.
Laundry by Shelli Segal Crepe V-Neck Gown - 100% Bloomingdale's Exclusive
Converse Girls' All Star Classic Low Top Sneakers - Toddler, Little Kid
Free People Duchess Silk Dress
Shoshanna Beach Vine Bikini Bottom
bcsoup-2-2
Eileen Fisher Plus Crumple Knit Coat
Donald J Pliner Millie Slip On Platform Sneakers
Dita Von Teese Bikini - Tulip Cheetah #Y22454
Rebecca Minkoff Gilles Stud Ankle Strap Espadrille Flats
Giorgio Armani Piped d'Orsay Pointed Pumps
Calphalon Classic Nonstick 5-Quart Saute Pan with Lid
Bath Bazaar Square Shiny Stainless Steel Soap Dispenser
Sundry Army Fleece Sweatshirt
Mara Hoffman Solstice Bandeau Bikini Top
5 Ingredient Peanut Butter Granola Bars. | How Sweet It Is
Bcbgmaxazria Alisa Quilted Palm Print Crop Top
Michael Michael Kors Sorento Tie Dye Chain Neck Dress
Juliska Puro Cereal Bowl
Hide Collection Oriental Area Rug, 4'1" x 6'1"
Nadri Clea Pave Circle Drop Earrings
Nadri Drop Earrings
Looking for some fun alternatives to flash cards? Try one of these ten simple sight word activities!
Milly Stretch Silk Butterfly Dress
To Boot Adrian Sneakers - 100% Bloomingdale's Collection
Bb Dakota Elias Leather Moto Jacket
Robert Lee Morris Soho Rope Statement Necklace, 21"
Cheddar Brat Meatballs
Aqua Blake Stone Ring
she + lo Silver Linings Saddle Bag - Compare at $228
Reiss Lucana Fluid Shift Dress
Lab Series Skincare for Men Max Ls Power V Lifting Serum
Tous Sterling Silver Key Pendant Necklace, 16"
Frye Slip On Flats - Melanie
Heidi Klum Intimates Mon Coeur Bikini #H30-1190
Michael Michael Kors Hipster Bikini Bottom
Calvin Klein Underwear Lounge Pj Pants
The Kooples Polka-Dot Lace & Chiffon Shirt
The Kooples Merino Hoodie
Baked Buffalo Cauliflower Bites | by Life Tastes Good with a dairy-free ranch dipping sauce are loaded with all the flavors of one of our favorite Monday Night Football appetizers, but in a better-for-you option. These spicy bites are meatless and dairy free too! #LTGrecipes
Amanda Uprichard Ruffle Silk Dress - 100% Bloomingdale's Exclusive
Jr by John Robshaw Kasu King Sham
Sperry Authentic Original Haven Boat Shoes
Flu Fighter Chicken Noodle Soup - This flavorful, hearty soup is packed with healthy and ingredients and tastes so delicious you'll want it even when you're not sick!
Elite Platinum by MaxiMatic Triple Buffet Server
Nally & Millie Open-Knit Asymmetric Tunic
Nudie Grim Tim Slim Fit Jeans in Clean Navy
Abyss Madrid Bath Rug, 20" x 31"
Helene Berman Audrey Hat
Waterford Essentially Wave Iced Beverage Glass, Set of 2
Burma Bibas Plaid Silk Classic Tie - Compare at $49.50
Sparrow & Wren Patterned Nut Bowl - 100% Bloomingdale's Exclusive
Wrk Diagonal Thin Stripe Classic Tie
Dkny Stripe Merino Wool Sweater
Coach Viola Clog
Todd Snyder Slim Fit Terry Sweatpants
Coach Snap Wristlet in Colorblock Leather
Zanerobe Scout Cuffed Shorts - 100% Bloomingdale's Exclusive
Ash Small Clover Saddle Bag
Aqua Spider Cage Longline Bralette
Hobbs London Rita Rose Print Coat
Phase Eight Iris Printed Dress
Three Dots Anne Striped Tee
Stop bringing clutter into your home!
Chicken Zucchini Poppers (Paleo, Whole30 approved) // One Lovely Life
Burberry Brit Launton Sweater
Salvatore Ferragamo Wide Double Gancini with Wood Belt
Retro Brand Boys' Jawsome Shark Tee, Sizes S-xl - 100% Bloomingdale's Exclusive
Vera Wang Bamboo Leaves Duvet Cover, Queen
Prada Catwalk Sunglasses
Lace Chiffon Wedding Dress
Aqua Faux Suede A-Line Skirt
Cynthia Steffe Claiborne Striped Flare Dress
Tom Ford Cream Color for Eyes, Runway Collection
MICHAEL Michael Kors Cindy Large Quilted Crossbody - 100% Bloomingdale's Exclusive
Spun from intricate navy blue lace, MICHAEL Michael Kors's exclusive sheath dress is finished with raw edges for a contemporary twist. #100PercentBloomies
Sapphire and Diamond Statement Ring in 14K White Gold
Echo Windowpane Wrap Scarf
Polo Ralph Lauren Striped Knit Oxford Slim Fit Button Down Shirt
Flow Society Boys' Surfing Gnome Tee - Sizes Xs-xl
Aqua Lace Midi Dress
Tory Burch Kerrington Zip Continental Wallet
Gucci Flats - Damo Driver
Gucci Open Toe Booties - Lika
Gucci Gg Thong Flat Sandal
Gucci Sandals - Mallory Jeweled Cuff High Heel
Braun Series 3 Wet/Dry Rechargeable Shaver
Mario Luca Giusti Rolling Stone Goblet
Michael Kors Cat Eye Sunglasses, 56mm
Eileen Fisher Tattersall Shift Dress
Junya Watanabe Gradient Stripe Shorts
Tory Burch Ice Cream iPhone 6/6s Case
Pinc Premium Girls' Plaid Sleeveless Button Down Shirt - Sizes S-xl
Creamy Garlic Spinach Chicken Pasta | beckysbestbites.com
Offspring Infant Girls' Multi Heart Stripe Top, Bloomers & Hat Set - Sizes 3-9 Months
Reiss Darcy Silk Front Tee
Lucy Paris Tie Front Top
Michael Michael Kors Large Rosalie Straw Clutch
Hot Sox Lobster Bake Socks
Free People Listen To The Music Tunic
Sparkling Sage Oval Stone Embellished Bracelet - Compare at $78
Citrus Honey Soy Chicken Kabobs - The chicken marinade is so easy and yummy. Served with healthy veggies like green peppers, onions, and pineapple on kabobs.
Karen Kane Embroidered Lace Tee
Soft Joie Micala Ikat Tank
The Jetset Diaries Santa Fe Eyelet Cami Top
Rebecca Minkoff Star Stud Leo Clutch
Vince Camuto Harlo Tote
Linea Pelle Stevie Fringe Tote - Compare at $288
Bernardaud Origine Rectangular Baker - 100% Bloomingdale's Exclusive
Jack's Potato Salad Recipe - Everytime my husband Jack makes this potato salad, we get asked for the recipe! It's so good!
Cinnamon Honey Butter - The Food Charlatan
We Heart Parties: Riann's 2nd Birthday: A Minnie Mouse Soiree
Crockpot Italian Beef (not served on bread)
Crisp Zucchini Bites with Garlic Aioli Dip - Yes please!!
Crock Pot Mac 'n Cheese.. this is one of my favorite recipes of all time. Rich and creamy and easy to make (don't let the unusual ingredients scare you away)! Perfect for potlucks and you're going to want to add it to your camping recipes too!
Salted Caramel Chocolate Pillow Cookies
Como continuar bem vestida no verão?
German Chocolate Brownies Recipe ~ Rich chocolaty brownies topped with a gooey homemade coconut pecan frosting. Make the brownies from scratch, or use a boxed brownie mix as the base of this recipe. You'll love this decadent dessert! ~ http://www.julieseatsandtreats.com
Our Slow Cooker Sweet Spicy Sausage is the perfect blend of sweet, spicy and smoky and is sure to be your new favorite appetizer!
Pink sparklessss
A great list of easy, stress free messy play activities...even for younger toddlers!!
cool things you can do with instagram
canopy bed feel without the canopy bed.
personal branding
Make money by blogging by @Angie Nelson
kislow
2011‧ - DALeast
Free Montessori Sensorial Videos
IsaacM. Spain#Street art
Death by Chocolate BTS Poke Cake
Fine Motor Thanksgiving art and craft. Make a fun corn craft garland
We Wish You A Montessori Christmas! (Holiday Hop) via Racheous - Lovable Learning
Every parent-child duo should learn this game and practice it over and over!
Montessori Monday - Featuring a variation of the car parking game from the book Montessori Inspired Activities for Pre-Schoolers by Jo Ebisujima
DIY Flower Wall Art -  simple to make and costs around $13!!  | itsdoable.squarespace.com
Super great organized utility closet!  I'm amazed at the storage in the rolling storage cart from ikea!
A long list of free Spanish printables plus ideas for creating Montessori-inspired Spanish color activities using some of the printables.
6 Simple Things You Can Do Today to Clean + Organize Your Pantry via Clean Mama
Stinkfish was recently on a trip around Europe. Here are a few of the pieces portraits he painted while there. ~ This was his creation while in Bristol.
Easy DIY Musical Banging Tree - Mummy Musings and Mayhem
Top 10 Ideas for Bathroom Organization - Top Inspired
52 Reads in 52 Weeks, Week #9 Review of The Chase by Janet Evanovich and Lee Goldberg | ScatteredSquirrel.com
26 Awesome Blogging Tools Used By The Pros @ twelveskip.com
Montessori-inspired activities for a study of China or for Chinese New Year (using the Little Passports China package and free printables)
Alice Pasquini - Oslo
Promenade plantée
by Irony + Boe - London, UK
by Rustam Qbic - New mural in Saint Petersburg, Russia - for Casus Pacis Festival - 29.06.2014 / Surrealistic mural showing two hooded faceless characters with a river between them. With one character carrying a locked backpack, and other having set of keys and a bird with a key for head, the image suggests the problems of separation and alienation.
ღღ Squirrel: found in London #street art
Montessori practical life activities for a variety of ages plus free printable from Montessori By Mom
5 ways to help your child develop concentration (so important for all learning) using Montessori principles
Set up a cleaning schedule by following these tips.
Montessori Home Spaces: Tips Room by Room  Summer is just around the corner and a wonderful time to show your kids what you have learned from their Montessori school.  Set up areas of your home like the class room to help keep your child independent and confident all summer long.
A tour of my planner lists - shows how I keep track of all my major projects and tasks
Many years of military traveling all around the country, I have collected the best tips to take with you while you travel with kids this holiday season at ChildLedLife.com
ADD FUEL & EIME
Street art by Eduardo Kobra: from São Paulo, Brazil to NYC’s Chelsea
How to make a French-Vintage-Inspired Wire Hamper
Banksy
12 Cute Garden Crafts for Kids
Montessori inspiration and ideas for teachers, parents considering Montessori education, and Montessori homeschoolers. Post includes embedded "Montessori: Learning for Life" YouTube video and permanent Montessori Monday collection
Pumpkin Embroidery Hoop Wreath by The Silly Pearl
squash3
2 Instant Confidence-Boosting Moves Video via @SparkPeople
Sunset Silhouette Painting Craft - negative space painting craft with love birds silhouette
A healthier alternative to cookies, these Oatmeal Energy Clusters are easy to whip up quickly!
Cooking Indian recipes at home is easy with these 9 Indian food recipes for your slow cooker. Find something you like!
FALL NO SEW BURLAP LEAF PILLOW DIY - StoneGable
15" Black Metal Feather Open Top Indoor/Outdoor Lantern with LED Flameless Pillar Candle
Nature art - fall kids activity and craft made out of things found in nature
Denim stole the show at Ikai by Ragini Ahuja's SS16 fashion show  #RaginiAhuja #Ikai #indianfashion #designer #fashion #style #runway #potd #spring #summer #instafashion # #AIFW2016 #AIFW #AIFWSS16  #AIFW2015 #Exclusively #ExclusivelyIN #Exclusively1st by exclusivelyin
Million Dollar Spaghetti Casserole - TABLE for SEVEN
A quick and delicious weeknight meal, this Mexican Taco Lasagna is packed full of flavor, cheese, and is a fun twist on a traditional lasagna.
PureologyPure Volume Instant Levitation
Frosted pipe cleaner snowflake ornament.
5 quick tips for Taking your own family photos - save time / money this year and get a great shot for your holiday cards!
Make your own Chipotle Chicken recipe at home! This recipe yields 2 cups of marinade, enough for 10 lbs. chicken. Make some now, freeze some for later!
Fall in love with this apple pear cider made with fresh fruit and seasonal spices. Make in the crock pot and enjoy all day with the smell of cider brewing in the air!  @asaucykitchen
Thanksgiving Turkey Cheese Ball | Crafts a la mode
31 Gluten-Free Dairy-Free Crockpot Freezer Meals
$150 AMAZON Gift Card GIVEAWAY! CLICK ON THE IMAGE and enter to win a $150 Target Gift Card!
EXCLUSIVE | NOW LIVE: The real deal! Shop Anju Modi's new collection inspired by Bajirao Mastani only on Exclusively!  #newcollection #bajiraomastani #bajiraomastanifilm #bajiraocostumedesigner #AnjuModi #AnjuModiXExclusively #BajiraoMastani #BajiraoMastaniXExclusively #DeepikaPadukone #RanveerSingh #PriyankaChopra #Bollywood #Fashion #Designer #Style #Couture #Royal #HauteCouture #Ethnic #History #Online #Shop #Launch #Exclusively #ExclusivelyIN by exclusivelyin
Casual Winter Style For Women Over 40
Forelle Pear and Blue Cheese Salad with Maple Vinaigrette - the Maple Vinaigrette makes this salad spectacular! | @tasteLUVnourish
Christmas Road Trip I Spy Game - Free Printable from Teaching Mama
Jessie Hilgenberg - Bodybuilding - Athlete - Fitness Model - Lingerie - Black and White Photography
The Country Cook: Creamy Chicken Enchiladas
free planner 2016
How To Cook Up Fun In The Kitchen With Your Kids - Sparkly Shoes and Sweat Drops
Check out this sewing activity! Heart felt pillow!
Enjoy last minute Montessori inspired Valentine activities for your child with these beautiful tray presentations and free printables.
Copycat Quaker Chewy Chocolate Chip Granola Bars - taste just like the store-bought version, but made with coconut oil and sweetened with honey!
Perfect little porcelain jewelry bowl in pale by MaiaMingDesigns
Snowman Parts
Such a cool and easy craft... make giant tissue paper flowers! www.uncommondesignsonline.com #tissuepoms #partyplanning
Complete Art Appreciation Cards Montessori Series Levels 1-10 Bundle Printables. It contains paintings matching, learning about most famous paintings, artists, art movements, art genres, art technique and other
Lemon Chiffon Pie
Cranberry Tuna Salad on Apple Slices
Limbic System: Your Child’s On/Off Switch for Emotional Grounding, Fight or Flight and Meltdowns | ilslearningcorner.com
This laundry room makeover is amazing!
This laundry room makeover is so great! Full of farmhouse goodness.
How to DIY a Dog Treat Jar with 4 Free Printable Tags - Happily Ever After, Etc.
Make Wire Mesh Baskets of Any Size (Video)
How to DIY a Dog Treat Jar with 4 Free Printable Tags - Happily Ever After, Etc.
DIY Herb Garden Planter Tutorial. This wood shim planter is easy to make and can be customized any way you like! | www.mydiyenvy.com
Transition from full time working mother to work at home mom..."The Big Switch"
Asparagus, Crispy Prosciutto and Brie Tartines
Design Ideas: DIY Vintage Camping Bedroom for Boys by RobbRestyle.com
The ultimate guide on antiquing maps for crafts, display, and other uses. This guide gives you step by step directions, dos and don'ts, and coffee vs. tea!
How to make this pretty spring decorated urn! could use bird bath
Harry Potter Nursery REVEAL!
Get that "fixer upper" style with these DIY Dutch Tulip Crates. They are so easy to make! | http://Twelveonmain.com
DIY lunch bins
An outdated radio cabinet got a gorgeous makeover...and it wasn't a project that…
Add some spice to that old bulletin board with this easy DIY fabric-covered bulletin board tutorial! Just say no to boring cork! | decorbytheseashore.com
In this post I'll share farmhouse style storage solutions that will add style to…
Woodworking Projects from The Handyman's Daughter
The Best Christmas books for kids, several classics and new books to love for the holidays. Reading books with the kids makes for such a wonderful holiday tradition.
Reception Hanging Chandelier Tulle Navy Blue White Table Settings Flower Centrepieces Country Farm Barn Wedding Ohio http://www.caseyclarkphotography.net/
Black walls are amazing--check out this roundup of black rooms to inspire you.
This is an incredibly simple and fun DIY project! Just take your sea shells that you find on vacation and spray paint them ANY color to match your home decor! These look so cute in my daughter's room!
DIY Entry Way Plank Wall. Find the tutorial at sawdustsisters.com
Before and after home style evolution | home style | farmhouse | decor | vintage items | decorating with farmhouse style | creating cozy home spaces
Boo Y’all Printables
COZY FLANNEL BLANKET DIY
Home Tour starts here
Top 10 Montessori Baby Toys for 6 -12 months, Great Montessori Gift Guide for babies, Baby Montessori, Montessori home, Toddler Toys, Montessori Toddler
Farmhouse Style Decor Ideas!
Karin Lidbeck: Crepe Paper Halloween, Back to Basics
Are you looking for a quick change? Do you love farmhouse style? Im sharing my…
Create fabric fall pumpkins by using up your fabric scraps. Who says autumn decor must be traditional orange? Match your decor with fun patterns and colors with easy DIY fabric pumpkins / via DazzleWhileFrazzled.com blog
Easy DIY Tissue Paper Wreath – Re-Fabbed
One Room Challenge Week 4: Painted pots, gold accents, and lots of greenery!
You don't need a huge front porch to create a beautiful and welcoming entrance to your home - 10 Big Impact Tips For Small Front Porches | One Mile Home Style
Easy Apple Cinnamon Roll Pie from Sixsistersstuff.com
Transform that embarrassing rusty medicine cabinet into a sparkling white one with paint! Full tutorial and source list at The Handyman's Daughter.
These 10 easy reclaimed wood projects are just what you need to give your home that rustic farmhouse feel! See all the projects at The Handyman's Daughter!
Antique desk makeover using exotic wood veneer and chalk paint | Diy veneer tutorial | How to apply veneer | How to replace veneer | Diy furniture makeover and woodworking | Refurbished desk before & after |  TheNavagePatch.com |
vintage christmas home tour glitter christmas house on cake stand
Ways to Decorate Your House for Valentine's Day
DIY using a $5 frame from Wal-Mart ~ Pinned for Kidfolio, the parenting mobile app that makes sharing a snap
Yes Please!!! Your own personal lazy river in your backyard!!  I would never leave!
DIY Glow in the Dark Night Time Bowling - So easy!
The BEST peanut butter balls / buckeyes!  Only 5 ingredients!
Roasted Shrimp Quinoa Spring Rolls by damndelicious #Spring_Rolls #Shrimp #Quinoa #Healthy
New Year's Resolution Ideas - Baby Gizmo Blog
One of my favorite guilty pleasure snacks, Puppy Chow! Peanut Butter Brownie Puppy Chow
Making this tonight! Pumpkin Crunch Cake
How to feed picky eaters.
Back to School Shopping Tips #backtoschool
Peace of Mind for you little one's lovey/blankey! Never worry about losing that beloved blanket or dolly or lovey again! Get the lovey tag! #lostandfound #safety #babyblanket
inforgraphic
Life is too short for an uncomfortable bra!!! End the madness and use these 7 Tips On How To Pick The Perfect Bra on your next shopping trip and enjoy a comfortable bra everyday.
Mainstays Chevron Wastebasket, Yellow - Walmart.com
Here are step by step directions on How to cook a Ham in your Slow Cooker, which is perfect for Christmas or any other holiday!
elf
Cable Knit Ornament
Coconut & Black Bean Brownies - a delicious treat with 14% of your daily fiber!
Got Hypothyroidism? You need to avoid these foods. Thyroid disease is serious. These 5 foods can make thyroid problems worse.
Macaroni Grill Rosemary Bread Copycat
Strawberry Lemonade Beer - so refreshing and fruity, you won't even taste the beer!
Struggling to get your students focused when they arrive for school? Here's several morning routine activities to get them energized for learning!
Easy Apple Pie Recipe
Homemade Marshmallow Frosting recipe - yum! Few ingredients including marshmallow fluff, butter, vanilla, & powdered sugar make this a hit!
Swooning over Gillian Jacobs’ best style moments in “Love”
How to crochet washcloths || free pattern!
DIY: Vanilla Extract!  GREAT, inexpensive Christmas gift idea!!
Free Hand-Lettered "Cultivate Inner Beauty" Bible Verse Coloring Page. www.pitterandglink.com
The Teacher Studio: Learning, Thinking, Creating: Happiness is "Chillin' with a good book"!
Sometimes the best recipes come in little packages, like these crescent roll bundles with spinach and 3 types of cheese. Great flavor packed in each bite.
Meat Lovers Pizza Casserole | www.stuckonsweet.com
Untitled design (8)
Sorbet is a quick and easy alternative to homemade ice cream. Instead of using dairy products, it features fresh fruits and a simple syrup base. This lemony sorbet gets a boost from organic lemon essential oil. Feel free to play around with the recipe; you can stir in fresh berries at the end before it …
This easy Vegetarian Spinach Lasagna is made with layers of spinach-ricotta filling and homemade tomato sauce. An easy meatless version of the original!
Personalized Dog Gifts that Humans will Love
Lack toast... That is sad.
This made me happy.
Pad Thai Recipe (ผัดไทย) - Part Five: Making Pad Thai | SheSimmersSheSimmers
Pet Shaming
Airport Logic
Crocodile fetch game
how-to-comfortably-watch-the-ipad
The highest of fives!
Six natural alternatives to ibuprofen
Funny quotes, funny pics,
finals week
Bring this hot spinach and artichoke dip to your next party, no one will know it's light!
I ship it
Easy Mini King Cakes for Mardi Gras using Pillsbury® Grands!® Cinnamon Rolls
Homemade Calamine Lotion - for poison ivy or mosquito bites
Flamingo Beach at Renaissance Island Aruba #BeachLife
Black Chunky Knit Cocoon Coat | Choies
.
{Gray + Plaid}
roadtrip
Patio Christmas Tree
Chocolate Bread Pudding by pixelsandcrumbs: Make it with challah! #Pudding #Chcolate #Bread #Challah
A simple and effortless scandinavian kitchen design via Erik Olsson
Butternut Butterscotch Latte #coffee #recipes
palm trees.
so glad I got these rain boots ( in blue) for Seattle! Love the laid back-"ness" of this picture.
Kitchen. Rustic Kitchen Design. This kitchen is just lovely! Want it! #Kitchen #KitchenDesign #RusticKitchen
Lemon Garlic Roasted Artichokes | Renee Kemps
This cleaner is AMAZING! Cleans windows, glass, and stainless steel products without any streaks or smudges. The best cleaner I've ever used and it only contains three ingredients I already have at home.
Italian Baked Eggs (#Paleo #Whole30 #SCD) - by Against All Grain
Perfect Pizza Crust | Tastes Better From Scratch
loaded chicken and potatoes
Feature Friday: Zucchini Recipe Roundup
freezer-meal-recipes
Domestic Imperfection - Paisley stenciled table, with and without stain
BNCI by Blanc Noir | Drape Front Jacket | Nordstrom Rack
Little Dot Mary Janes Pattern
Cara made these adorable Halloween donuts with quinoa! via @forkandbeans
Extra Flakey Broccoli Cheddar Soup Mini Pies | halfbakedharvest.com @hbharvest
Picot-Flower
Greatest Stuffed Mushrooms that you'll ever tried!! from willcookforsmiles.com
Help! What's the Best Plant to Put in My Bathroom? via @PureWow
Buttermint Cookies
Inside-Of-A-Peanut-Butter-Cup Cookies - Soft cookies that taste like the inside of peanut butter cups thanks to a special ingredient! Yum!!!
Chicken Fajitas ~ The BEST chicken fajitas! Marinated chicken breasts seared quickly and served with seared onions and bell peppers, and flour tortillas. ~ SimplyRecipes.com
DIY-Redbook_Coatrack_-Emily-Henderson-MidCentury-Modern #methodcandles and #firstimpressions
wood sign love is patient verse
Google Image Result for http://project-nerd.com/wp-content/uploads/problu/05/huntress.jpg
Star Wars Ice Cream Party
Cupid Crunch | Plain Chicken
Skinny Strawberry Soda Cupcakes {with only 2 EASY ingredients...Hint, one is diet soda!} and a crazy awesome lemon cream cheese frosting!
Be All End All Slow Cooker Meatballs - Sugar Dish Me
conditioner cornstarch play dough
This would be cute for any holiday, just use an appropriate cookie cutter to trace and cut out the shape, then whatever yarn works best for that holiday!
Bananas Foster Affogato | This recipe is only 3 ingredients and can (SHOULD) be eaten for breakfast and dessert!
Get your cookie monster on with these 102 Gluten Free Cookie Recipes! Tons of ideas and recipes from chocolate chip to peanut butter madness!
43 Clever, Over-the-top, Ridiculous Christmas Ideas and Christmas Decorations!
Ana White | Build a Sail Boat or Ship Sandbox | Free and Easy DIY Project and Furniture Plans - cute backyard project for toddler or kids! covered top sail for shade, covered sandbox
Roasted Rosemary Almonds / See and Savour
popcorn recipes
i love this picture, they had this pure true affection for each other
Unazukin dolls. So cute!
Adorable fabric!
kickin' ass and taking names
Rainbow silverware
Wedding Cake
charm bracelets from an estate  sale
Centerpieces
marchesa wedding dress spring 2013 bridal collection
Photography by tinywater.com, Event Coordination by verymerryevents.com, Floral Design by atelierjoya.com
Gold-Pink-Wedding-Estate-Table
blush bridesmaids dress inspiration #blush #bridesmaids via www.lemagnifiqueblog.com
Photography by ktmerry.com, Styling by styleserendipity.com, Floral Design by bestofbudsflorists.com
7 tips for successful mini photography sessions
berry and white
sassy bridal party. totally my style
www.pixelcreekphotography.com
Le Magnifique: a wedding inspiration blog for the stylish bride // www.lemagnifiqueblog.com: French Creek Estates Wedding, Washington by Arlene Chambers Photography
Cake mix, Oreos, sweetened condensed milk, chocolate chips. YUM!
up-do
kraft + pop of green
Le Magnifique: Romantic Gold & Red Styled Wedding by Tonya Joy Photography
A beautiful moment together. Photo: http://josevillaphoto.com
second from the left
Good ideas.
Photography By / paperantler.com, Floral Design By / sweetpea-flowers.com
bouquet
Integrity
Photography by Jake   Necia Photography / jakeandnecia.com, Event Design   Planning by Sweet
How to properly set a buffet table--sasinterio...
Romantic Pink and Gold Wedding Inspiration
Camping with Kids: Packing Check List and Tips
Dreamy Dresses! Styled shoot :: I Heart Weddings
pink peony and baby's breath bouquet, aqua mint and pink wedding ideas, rustic southern shabby chic wedding, Luminaire Foto
Vintage glam wedding stationery | photo by Yvonne Wong | 100 Layer Cake
wedding rings
A wedding program that looks like chalkboard
Wedding Veil  Classy Bubble Veil by FascinatingCreations on Etsy, $149.00
Spaghetti Squash with Roasted Brussels Sprouts
Woven Ankle Bracelet
Elegant Ballroom Wedding at the Fairmont Luxury Resort in Newport Beach by Lin and Jirsa Photography via www.lemagnifiqueblog.com
homemade finger paint!
HA! Mini Centerpiece Terrariums Firefly Star Wars Star Trek WOW!
The Creek Line House: How to get rid of paint spills, splatters, and mistakes even after they've dried!
Weekly Recap and Faves // see more on thesoutherncaliforniabride.com
Modern Chic Pink and Gold Miami Wedding
Carondelet House, Los Angeles
Intimate Italian Countryside Wedding at Villa Cetinale
Hey What's for Dinner Mom?: Artichokes with Snail Butter
50 Disney Tips you HAVE to read!!
Clean Eating Slow Cooker Southwestern 2 Bean Chicken
This Fluffy Pumpkin Pie Dip delivers tons of fall flavor in a fluffy no bake dip! Pumpkin & warm spices combined with a rich creamy base makes the perfect dip for apples, bananas and more!
Gluten-Free Banana Chocolate Chip Hemp Muffins with @justhempfoods  #Choctoberfest
15 Books You Can't Put Down
DIY: Etched Cutting Boards. So easy and they make a really cool gift.  |  Design Mom
How often do you get an interview with a farmer who’s almost 100 years old? Granted, my grandpa hasn’t worked a farm since 1949, but he’s still a wealth of information! Read part one of the interview HERE. Interview With a Farmer Part 2 Born in 1922, my grandfather grew up on a farm in … Continue reading »
What a fun gift wreath! You could have packets of anything... hot chocolate, gravy mixes, cider, Fun for new couple or college student. I like it.
Slow Cooker Beef Gyros from SixSistersStuff.com
Quick Roasted Tomato Caprese Pasta Salad | Fork Knife Swoon @forkknifeswoon
21 Meal Prep Pics from the Healthiest People on Instagram
Save $1378 in a year
Mommy's Kitchen - Home Cooking & Family Friendly Recipes: No Peek Beef Tips {Amazingly Tender}
My Hobby Is Crochet: Double Layered Braided Cowl | Free Crochet Pattern with Tutorial | Guest Contributor Post on My Hobby is Crochet Blog
s'more lava cake
Ideas for Your Husband's Birthdays, anniversaries, & Christmas!
Wow!  I just attended a Younique Virtual Party So quick and easy!  Check it out here!
Fireplace mantel decorated for spring - includes DIY cork bunny art!
Slow Cooker Teriyaki Wings | Recipe on PocketChangeGourmet.com
30 Meals to for 1-year-olds: I have such a hard time coming up with new meal ideas for my young toddler- love this list!!
diy shirt...If only i could do this!
Quite Possibly the Strangest Salad Ever (but it works!)
Three Ingredients Banana & Nutella Puff Pastry Hand Pies -
Garden Fresh Bruschetta! One of my favorite summer recipes! Simple, easy and perfect paired with a bottle of wine and a loaf of bread on the deck!
No way! You can paint your kitchen cabinets without sanding or priming. That makes the project totally doable. I can't wait to try it!
Healthy 3 Ingredient Paleo Nutella Cups which are sugar free and ready in minutes! Paleo, vegan, gluten free and dairy free!
Healthy Casseroles: Creamy Chicken Quinoa and Broccoli
Easy Skillet Chicken Pot Pie Recipe from SixSistersStuff.com. This is our new favorite chicken pot pie recipe!
cake ball pops for baby shower
Seared Scallops w/Whiskey Cream Sauce from @Paula - bell'alimento
monster card, too cute!
Tomato Preserves from @Lindsay Landis
Here Comes the Sun: Yellow Chevron Curtains
Puffy Cupcakes.  So that's how it's done.  Nice baking tip.
Interior Color Inspiration - Blue and Brown go so nicely together! #PinMyEncore
printable great for Mothers Day
Ladies' Home Journal, September 1956.1950s fashion.
{instead of tortillas, these tacquitos are made with potatoes!} Steak and Potato Taquitos
3 bookcases from Ikea - one turned sideways & painted w/ chalkboard paint.
white + brown
Banana Split Bars – heart-healthy power bars made with all natural ingredients such as quinoa, rolled oats, dried cherries, nuts and honey plus antioxidants from the cinnamon and chocolate – and they taste good too! #cleaneating #glutenfree #vegetarian #weightwatchers 4pp #snack
Sriracha Roast Chicken with Sriracha Gravy from @Diane Cu (White On Rice Couple)
Melt-in-your-mouth Pumpkin Cookies from @Parent Pretty #Cookies #Pumpkin
2 Ingredient White Chocolate Buttercream Frosting
Caramelized Butternut Squash, Roasted Garlic + Coconut Butter Grilled Cheese I howsweeteats.com
Toasted Sesame Ginger Salmon. via HowSweetEats.com
How to make your own Swiffer Wet Jet solution!
Reuse an old sweater, my neck wants one of these before winter now that I cut my hair :)
Citrus Sugar Gems from @Melanie Feehan #fbcookieswap
bacon pimento cheese cups from @Buns In My Oven
(Things I Wish I Knew Before Studying Abroad) Week 5: BOYB Bling Out Your Bedroom (Or “Decorate Your Dorm”) - infinite
Halloween Party Ideas
Blue Cheese Bacon Macaroni and Cheese from @Ali Ebright (Gimme Some Oven)
Mushroom and Truffle Sea Salt White Cheddar Macaroni and Cheese from @Angie Barrett - Big Bear's Wife
Orange Baked French Toast with Almond Crumble from @Heidi | FoodieCrush
balsamic beef stew recipe from @Bree Hester of Baked Bree
Mexican Chicken Posole Soup Recipe by The Lemon Bowl #chicken #soup #mexican #glutenfree
Tropical Peach Pineapple Slushies from @Averie Sunshine {Averie Cooks}
Olive Garden Lemon Cream Cake -- a copycat of the fabulous Olive Garden dessert!!
Sweet Potato Skillet and Sausage Skillet from @molson310
Ratatouille Pizza from @nutmegnanny
Double Crust Marionberry Crisp from @sandycoughlin
Roasted Garlic Scapes and Radishes from @crepesofwrath
Sweet Mint Pesto from @boulderlocavore
Smoky Grilled Barbecue Chicken Pizza from @cookincanuck
Grilled Tequila Habanero Orange Marinated Steak
Lemon Ricotta Cookies from Jens Favorite Cookies
Olive Oil Ice Cream with Thyme and Toasted Pine Nuts | Foodness Gracious
1-Hour Cinnamon Rolls -- definitely my favorite cinnamon roll recipe ever!! gimmesomeoven.com #breakfast
Slow Cooker Creamy Pumpkin Soup from @lindseyjohnson
Chicken Spaghetti Bake!
Easy Lemon Chicken Potato Casserole | gimmesomeoven.com @Ali Velez Velez Velez Velez Ebright (Gimme Some Oven)
Irish Soda Bread Recipe from @simplyrecipes
Self-Rising Biscuits from @thepioneerwoman
Pumpkin Sopapilla Cheesecake Bars
Healthy Balsamic Chicken Salad with Feta | Foodness Gracious
Pumpkin Praline Topping from @wearsmanyhats
Chocolate Covered Grapefruit Treats from @wearsmanyhats
Roasted Garlic and Mushroom Dressing with Sausage from @farmgirlsdabble
SALE: ADULT Personalized Glitter Monogram Shirt -  Bow and monogram - Customized monogram shirt - Circle monogram shirt on Etsy, $19.99
Easy Almond Buttermints from @sprinklebakes
Chocolate Champagne Cake from @hummingbird-high/
Crock Pot Roast with Caramelized Onions Recipe found at MissintheKitchen.com
Incredible Sticky Fish Sauce Chicken Wings Recipe from @whiteonrice
Smoky Gouda Cauliflower "Mac and Cheese".. there is no pasta involved and you won't miss it AT ALL!! SO delicious!!!!
No-Bake Chocolate Cheesecake Cups #recipe from @justataste
Easy Minestrone Soup
Beet Dip with Hazelnuts and Goat Cheese from @athoughtforfood
Tagalongs Cookie Bars from @averie
Lemon Curd Cupcakes on twopeasandtheirpod.com Lemon cupcakes with buttercream frosting and lemon curd inside! These cupcakes are amazing!
Meyer Lemon Tart from The Food Charlatan // This bright and easy dessert would be perfect for Easter! Plus: make-ahead ftw.
Fruit-Filled Scones: 3 Ways.
Coconut Baked French Toast With Oatmeal Crumble from @foodiecrush
Ham Cheese and Potato Biscuits on www.strawberrymommycakes.com #recipe
A juicy veggie burger made from portobello mushroom and healthy kale | Foodness Gracious
Coconut Sweet Potatoes | itsanourishingthing.com |
Hot crab dip with a twist! :: Cheesy Baked Seafood Dip with Crab, Shrimp, and Veggies!
Snowdrift Bars
Asparagus Pasta Salad with Creamy Peanut Dressing - The Lemon Bowl
Caramel Cashew Bars
Strawberry Margarita Cupcakes recipe.  These cupcakes are strawberry with a hint of zippy lime, and the frosting is probably the best ever.
1 hour cinnamon roll pizza - Heather's French Press
Nutella Chocolate Football Truffles #recipe via justataste.com
Distressed-dresser-with-damask-gold-stencils-tutorial-by-H2OBunglow
These @albionfit leggings are perfect bride to be workout pants!!
Chocolate peanut butter cupcake recipe! Peanut butter frosting, my mouth is watering!
Caramel Apple Recipes
Gluten Free Healthy Pumpkin Cheesecake Bars from @FoodFaithFit
Slow Cooker Texas Chili
Easy Baked Chicken Drumsticks Recipe : great, family friendly dinner idea that everyone always loves.
Honey Roasted Carrots & Fresh Dill. Roasted carrots with olive oil, sea salt & honey. Fresh dill. Delicious and gourmet side. So easy.
Slow Cooker Tuscan White Bean and Sausage Soup
Mini Breakfast Tarts -- we love these with tea in the morning! #ad
Save time in the kitchen with these wholesome family Crock Pot recipes. Slow cooker dinners give you more time to spend with your family and kids.
PumpkinOvernightOatmeal
Weight Watchers Frozen Peanut Butter Whips 1 Point
How Often You Should Wash Everything in Your Life
Hard Cider Pork Chops with Apples and Onions from @aggieskitchen
This easy Chicken Enchilada Pasta can be made in under 30 minutes if you use a Rotisserie Chicken!! It's loaded with flavor, spice and will feed a crowd!
Crock Pot Chicken and Black Bean Soup - The Idea Room
Apple Pie Cupcakes with Vanilla Bean Frosting - creamy, sweet and surprisingly easy!
Cranberry Almond Granola Bars (minus chocolate, plus cashews!)
Black Bean and Quinoa Enchilada Bake Recipe
Crispy Spiced Rubbed Chicken Thighs...great for a quick & easy weeknight meal!
Spicy Udon Noodle Stir Fry with Bok Choy and Orange Sesame Sauce
Asian Apple Glazed Salmon
Hollywood Mirrored Accent Cabinet
Beer Braised Pot Roast from Miss in the Kitchen #recipe #beef
5 Ingredient Peanut Butter Energy Bites
The Best Baked Beans the-girl-who-ate-everything.com
Easy Beef Empanadas
Free download this week through Sunday 3/6/16! Tuscany Landscape Pack - 50 Photos by Dreamy Pixel on @creativemarket
Shrimp and Avocado Taco Salad is light and refreshing with a shrimp marinade that doubles as the salad dressing!
Tips for Perfect Buttercream
Cereal and Bacon Fried Ice Cream Balls - It's like having breakfast for dessert! Get the recipe on COOKtheSTORY.com
Make dinner time easy with this Cheesy Cornbread Chicken Tamale Pie Casserole recipe! Full of delicious flavors your whole family will love!
Best Ever Pumpkin Muffins
Strawberry Oat Bars with Thyme and Chocolate Chunks
Easy Lo Mein Recipe - This Lo Mein recipe makes a quick and easy meal or filling side dish! A take-out favorite, this lo mein recipe is even better at home! // addapinch.com
50+ Game Day Bacon Recipes
9 Hand-Lettered Calligraphy Fonts for your Feminine Designs. See all 9 at http://www.DesignYourOwnBlog.com
This is my favorite casserole ever! Copy Cat Cracker Barrel casserole needs just 5 minutes of prep and is absolutely cheesy, delicious and completely irresistible! The perfect breakfast casserole!
Four non-alcoholic refreshing summer drink recipes. Cantaloupe agua fresca, raspberry vanilla soda, strawberry limeade, and melon sorbet float. So easy!
New England Clam Chowder Recipe
(Just 5 ingredients & only takes 30 minutes to make!) Citrus Teriyaki Chicken from http://thelittlekitchen.net @soyvay @walmart
THE BEST Vegan Chocolate Ice Cream! SO creamy, rich and easy to make! from @minimalistbaker
Easy Monkey Bread Finished
7 Freezer-to-Skillet Meals in 75 Minutes
Chocolate Raspberry Cake | My Baking Addiction
Dragon Castle, Schloss Drachenburg, Germany
These Caramel Stuffed German Chocolate Brownies are a decadent dessert inspired by German Chocolate Cake with a surprise twist that sets them apart from any other brownie you have ever baked before!
This One Sheet Pan Greek Style Easy Baked Chicken Dinner will save you at dinner time! You can throw everything onto your sheet pan and let it bake into a delicious dinner. The sauce that forms is so good! | savorynothings.com
Fire nachos
Peanut Butter Cookies | My Baking Addiction
Matcha Coconut Ice Cream from Lauren Kelly Nutrition #vegan #glutenfree #dairyfree
Irish cream brownies are ultra dense and fudgy with a Baileys spiked ganache. Recipe contains a gluten-free option.
Easy Pub Cheese Recipe - Spreadable, zesty cheese in 5 just minutes! |#pubcheese | savoryexperiments.com
Marinated Grilled Chicken. Antipasto additions. Chopped Crisp Lettuce. Basil…
Mexican Shrimp Cocktail Recipe #Mexican
Peanut butter cup eclair cake to go crazy over. The peanut butter lovers in your life will adore this cake.
Healthy No Bake Pumpkin Spice Latte Bars- Thick, chewy and LOADED with pumpkin…
This homemade movie theater popcorn has only three ingredients and is ready in less than five minutes! Super delicious and easy too! from @bakerupstairs
Traditional British puddings at a meeting of The Pudding Club® in Mickleton,  Chipping Camden, Gloucestershire, England / PratesiLiving.com
Fizzy Fruity Ice Cream Floats from missinthektichen.com #icecream
Peanut Butter Cup Cookie Bars are a great lunchbox or afternoon treat!
Easy Meatball Crostini Appetizer
Fresh Apple Cake Recipe is a family favorite dessert with fresh apples and cinnamon. From MissintheKitchen.com
13 No Bake Cookie Recipes that’ll be your answer to a totally easy treat!
Apple Cider Donuts are the seasonal treat you can make at home. So good! from @bakingaddiction
Simple and Easy Hot Ham and Cheese Rolls using crescents!! via @Wannabite
6 Key Elements Of A Perfect Logo | Caitlin Bacher
Easy Skillet Caramel Apple Pie
Mini Pumpkin Cheesecake
Jan 28 | Blueberry Pancake Day
Quick Chicken Piccata | See how to make a classic Italian chicken dish from @Chef John.
How to Make a Martini | See how to mix the king of cocktails!
Pesto Cheesy Chicken Rolls
Grilled Cod Allrecipes.com
Camp David Spaghetti with Italian Sausage
Cranberry Slush | Cranberry, Lemonade, Lemon-lime soda and bourbon. #cheers
Saucy Meatball Hoagies Allrecipes.com
Sesame Noodles, photo by Soup Loving Nicole
Blanca's Cherry Cheese Tarts, photo by Marianne
Savory Potatoes and Peppers are ready in 30 minutes. Repin for an easy breakfast or dinner.
Lighter Alfredo Sauce | A little cauliflower makes for a surprisingly light Alfredo sauce.	http://allrecipes.com/video/480/Lighter-Spaghetti-Alfredo/Detail.aspx
Pistachio Fluff Fruit Salad Recipe - A great recipe to take to a potluck because it feeds a bunch of people. Use canned fruit packed in its own juice for a salad and in heavy syrup for a dessert.
Slow Cooker Posole | See how to make a traditional Mexican posole in your slow cooker.
Perfect St. Patrick's Day Cake | “The robust taste of Irish stout beer enhances the chocolate flavor of this layer cake. An Irish cream liqueur-flavored frosting and drizzle of bittersweet chocolate over all complete this perfect St. Patrick's Day dessert.”
Baja Style Fish Tacos, photo by Baking Nana
Spicy Bacon Mac & Cheese Recipe - Allrecipes.com
Slow Cooker Baked Potatoes Recipe - topped with soy chorizo and low-fat sour cream! This was an easy, low calorie, vegetarian dinner.
Triple Berry Crisp | "I made this just as written except for the addition of strawberries and it is restaurant-quality good."
Stuffed Strawberries | “I make these for bridal and baby showers all the time. Simple yet elegant!” —Jessica53214 | Repin these easy-to-make sweet treats!
Chocolate Peanut Butter Cookies, photo by naples34102
HERDEZ(R) Three Pepper Cheesy Stuffed Jalapenos Allrecipes.com - A great appetizer for a cookout #HerdezCookingSauces @HERDEZ® Brand
August 24- National Waffle Day | Cinnamon Belgian Waffles
Agave Macchiato.
Italian Sausage Soup with Tortellini | Just break out some breadsticks and watch it disappear.
Zesty Apple Salad has a light lemon yogurt dressing and holds up well overnight.  @Allrecipes.com
Eco-friendly recycled fabric ring display - MISCELLANEOUS TOPICS
Laura's Unbelievable Chicken and Pasta | “A dream for families, this creamy chicken dish is a great way to get the kids to eat their spinach.”
Chef John's Pad Thai Popcorn- ADDICTIVE!!!  Spicy, sweet, crunchy, flavorful...I can't stop making it!!  @Allrecipes #snack #caramelcorn
Copycat Recipe: Olive Garden Pasta E Fagioli Soup (Slow Cooker)
Turkey Tetrazzini II | Soon, you'll have plenty of turkey leftovers, and this casserole is a great way to use them.
cinnamon-sugar crust cinnamon-ribbon bread
Murphy Steaks | Simple, quick, and stuffed with garlic. Try it under the broiler if the weather means no grilling for you.
10 Ways to Go on a Christmas Scavenger Hunt
Italian Wonderpot
White Chocolate Cake with Raspberry Buttercream Filling and Deep Chocolate Frosting, Chapter 2: Raspberry Buttercream Filling and Deep Chocolate Frosting
Tired of clipping coupons
A new twist on s'mores you can make any time of year! #marshmallows #chocolate, #Grahamcrackers, #smores #ganache
Asian Orange Chicken, photo by MiMi Johnson
Mini Shepherd's Pies Recipe
Rainbow Pasta Salad I | "This was great! Very simple and easy! No need to change the ingredients around like I usually do." -jenhavlicsek
Real Chiles Rellenos | "FINALLY! I have found a true to form recipe for rellenos! My whole family loves these, including the 7 year old. When I separate eggs for other recipes, I freeze any leftover egg whites so I always have them around. The sauce in this recipe is really special. That little bit of cinnamon sends the flavor over the top. Make the effort...such a great dish." -Elvin
I will never buy meatballs again- these are easy to make and DELICIOUS!  I have half a batch waiting in my freezer for later too- so yummy!!  @Allrecipes
Peanut Butter Pie  | "This was really good! I made it with a chocolate graham cracker crust and added a thin layer of chocolate pie filling (chocolate pudding) to the bottom before adding the peanut butter filling."
You don't need meat drippings to make a tasty gravy. This simple recipe is sure to please. Just be sure to use low sodium stock. Chef John's Mushroom Gravy #gravy #mushrooms #MyAllrecipes
Basil Pan-Seared Scallops over Pasta | This dish is so easy to make, but tastes like you slaved away in the kitchen. Makes an excellent main course, or add spinach or asparagus to turn it into a meal in itself.
Coffee and Doughnuts Ice Cream | "Does the thought of a hot cup of coffee and tender glazed doughnuts make your salivate? Why not try this take on the old breakfast favorite! Rich creamy coffee ice cream with chunks of glazed doughnuts throughout."
Chicken with Quinoa and Veggies | "Chicken breast meat, zucchini, tomato, fresh basil, and feta cheese make a delicious main dish when served over hot quinoa that's been simmered in chicken broth."
Slow Cooker German Potato Salad | Potato salad in the slow cooker? Yes, and what a timesaver.
Chocolate Teddy Bear Cookies | "These were really fun for my 5 year old to make. Easy, too, since the ingredient list is short. We didn't even have to chill the dough, it worked great right out of the mixer. We really enjoyed them!"
California Tacos | Lime juice and cilantro make these tacos tops.
Maple Glazed Sweet Potatoes with Bacon and Caramelized Onions |"I made this for Thanksgiving dinner and my family went crazy over it. It is simple, looks great on the table and has already been requested for Christmas dinner!"
Grandma's Green Bean Casserole | "I make this version every year at Thanksgiving! Even the picky eaters in my family love this."
Ultimate Breakfast Casserole | "The ultimate quick and easy breakfast casserole when feeding guests or when you want to impress! "
Ranch Chicken Tacos | "My family enjoyed the tacos, commenting that they were light and tasty! We also enjoyed the minimal clean up. Perfect week night meal."
Apple Cinnamon French Toast | by Life Tastes Good is a real crowd pleaser. French Toast is fairly simple to make, and you can change up the flavors by adding delicious sauteed apples. #Breakfast
Perfect Waffles for the weekend! Healthy Multigrain Chia Waffles (gluten free)
Fake out, Take out! My families favorite, Sweet Sriracha Chicken.
Chicken Picatta #SundaySupper
Homemade Buttermilk Ranch Dressing
White Gazpacho ~ Cool, refreshing, and filling, this classic Spanish white gazpacho is made with bread, almonds, cucumbers, grapes, olive oil, and garlic. ~ SimplyRecipes.com
Slow Cooker Paleo Jalapeno Popper Chicken Chili | Skinnytaste
DIY Framed Mirror- Perfect Touch of Farmhouse!- by The Wood Grain Cottage
Photography Course: Aperture
Potato Soup Recipe -- simple, comforting, creamy, and delicious (and made lighter without heavy cream!) | gimmesomeoven.com
Mexican breakfast lasagna
Oh, I wish I had known about this years ago.  My youngest kids can *actually* help clean up now!
Eyeball cookies without faux veins
Butternut Squash with Apple and Cranberries (plus cinnamon, nutmeg and brown sugar) may become your new Thanksgiving favorite!  #MyAllrecipes  #AllrecipesAllstars  #AllrecipesFaceless #AllstarsICBINB  #ad #ButternutSquash #ThanksgivingSideDish
Learn to paint your kitchen cabinets WITHOUT losing your mind. Paint like an amateur, but achieve professional results. A tutorial for BUSY people!
...  go celebrate Saint Patrick’s Day with handmade cards for your family, friends, and/or co-workers and of course, green beer and numerous great green ideas out there. Description from familyholiday.net. I searched for this on bing.com/images
Amazing Sweet Corn Spoonbread from Our Best Bites
Butterfinger Candy Bars | Make Butterfingers in your own kitchen with only THREE simple ingredients!
Best Ever Beef Stew
Easy 2 Ingredient Fudge Recipe - Super Simple 2 Ingredient Recipes
South Your Mouth: Southern Style Black-Eyed Peas
Best-Medium-Length-Hairstyles-05
Brown Butter Layer Cake with Salted Bourbon Buttercream is a rich, decadent dessert that will wow your friends and family. Get the recipe from SavorySimple.net
Chili Con Carne from www.whatsgabycooking.com (@whatsgabycookin)
Yes!  Always looking for fish options... The Very Best Fish Recipe Ever | Easy Broiled Fish Recipe
Spinach and Cheese Stuffed Manicotti #MyAllrecipes #AllrecipesAllstars #AllrecipesFaceless
This Chocolate Candy Bar Pie recipe is a simple recipe for pie made with chocolate candy bars.
There's a right way to mop your floors! Who knew?!
It doesn't get much more simple and refreshing than this!  A light tuna salad inside of an avocado half- the perfect warm weather lunch!  @allrecipes
Healthy Creamy Avocado Cilantro Lime Dressing
Balsamic Garlic Roasted Green Beans and Mushrooms
Frozen DIY photo backdrop |somuchbetterwithage.com
Coconut Oil Popcorn - Quick, Easy, & Dairy Free! Allrecipes.com #MyAllrecipes #IMadeIt #AllrecipesAllstars
A rich chocolate cake infused with cocoa and coffee creating a chocolate lover's dream come true.
Garlic Parmesan Zucchini and Tomato Bake is quick and healthy dinner recipe. 5 minutes of prep time and dinner is served! Zucchini bake with parmesan cheese, tomatoes and garlic to the rescue! | ifoodreal.com
Tips for International Driving - Pin2
Solid Bronze Rectangular Pocket Door Pull
Dates are nature's candy! This date paste is a delicious, healthy substitute for processed sugar. It's easy to make and perfect for sweetening recipes.
This white chicken enchilada skillet turns the traditional dish into a one-pan, stove-top meal! And even better, it’s ready in 20 minutes.
Deconstructed Stuffed Cabbage - A simple and delicious dinner any day of the week!
parmesan-ricotta spaghetti squash fritters with crispy fried sage | the pig & quill | #grainfree #vegetarian #fall #recipe
This Pumpkin Pie Cheesecake Dip is a breeze to make and the perfect sweet holiday appetizer!
Sugar Scrub
So pretty.
Rihanna silver and gold spikes
love this home
By YIU Design for Rivet & Sway, a specialist online shop selling prescription glasses for women
Christmas wreaths
// lentil, kale, crispy shallot salad
pasta packaging
Homemade Eggnog « offbeat & inspired
pink office
Chicken Ranch Pasta: 8 ounces penne pasta, 1 Tablespoon butter, 1 Tbsp flour, 2 Tbsp dry Ranch Dressing seasoning mix, 2 cups milk, 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese, 1/3 cup cooked/chopped bacon, 2 cups cooked chopped chicken
Mother's Day photos!
PREPPING - Don't just think about it - do it.  And it doesn't even have to involve a theory of global economic collapse. What if you lose your job tomorrow? What if a hurricane comes to your shores? What if there is a local emergency and you are not able to get to the store? Are you prepared for life's little emergencies for you?
Free Printable Citrus Splash Digital Scrapbook Papers from B.Nute productions
Eat What You Store - Store what you eat
How to make a fire pit for around $50
How to Make A Solar Powered Water Pump for Water Barrels
The Best of Disney Blog Carnival: Edition 3 - some GREAT Disney posts to enjoy!
Make memory boxes for each kid. | 52 Meticulous Organizing Tips For The OCD Person In You
Healthy Lunches
High Ceiling Beam Design Ideas, Pictures, Remodel and Decor
48 Survival Skills for Kids to Learn This Summer! http://thesurvivalmom.com/survival-skills-for-kids-learn-summer/
Teriyaki Salmon with Sriracha Cream Sauce - An easy dish with homemade teriyaki sauce and a sweet and spicy Sriracha cream sauce!
Hawthorn Berries: Identify, Harvest, and Make and Extract
Survival Uses for Duct Tape (via Survival at Home)
Gorgeous lemonade cake #cake #lemonade
Peanut Butter Cereal Bars, Peanut Butter Bars, Cereal Bars, Homemade Peanut Butter Bars
8 Fall crafts for kids to make that are absolutely gorgeous!
Mickey cake pops
Beautiful Holiday Hors d'Oeuvres & Appetizers
The cold brings unique opportunities to turn play times into prepping activities for winter. The kids may think you are playing, but you're really PREPPING!
Living Room
Nadia Hubbi @nadiahubbi Instagram photos | Websta (Webstagram)
DIY Hair Gel From Flax Seeds - 2 Moms Naturals – So I’ve been making my own skin and hair care products for a while now and the one thing that has really eluded me has been hair gel. I have finally come up with a recipe that I absolutely love and that is really cheap and easy to make. It can be made with just 2 ingredients flax seeds and water, but I like to add in a couple of other things...
EO Chart
Easy Avocado Feta Dip Recipe on twopeasandtheirpod.com This healthy dip only takes minutes to make!
Solar Oven vs Electric Oven l How do they compare for dinner roll baking l Homestead Lady (.com)
The Survival Doctor Infographic on Medical Supplies
Raising Chickens To Breed
Homestead cabin idea, and it looks great inside, too! (Sorry about the site...they require a share to see the photos, just "x" out of the social media share box and you won't have to wait to see them).
how to make homemade apple cider vinegar from fruit scraps and peels
How to Create a 72 Hour Kit for Emergencies  |  {Mom with a Prep}
Cut your grocery bill in half by following these tips and tricks - Blissful and Domestic - www.blissfulanddomestic.com
Home - Walmart.com
50 Incredible non-traditional wedding dresses under $500! - Wedding Party
Macadamia Chocolate Chip Shortbread Cookies - the most buttery and soft shortbread cookies! An easy recipe full of chocolate chips!
how we homestead on one income-- our story of buying 67 acres with a home, equipment, and animals on one fixed income.
Scarlet Lantern - tequila, bitter braulio alpine amaro, strawberry, black fig shrub + malic acid
10 Ways to Keep from Freezing in the Winter ... or how not to die at 40 below!  Guest post by Rhonda Van Zandt @ {Mom with a Prep}
How to Cook Wild Game Meat  Learn how to cook wild game meat for the best results, with five recipes for big and small game and wild fowl.
Over 100 Christmas Cookies to serve this holiday! - Crazy for Crust
21 Must Try Chicken Crock Pot Recipes
Disinfecting Cleaning Solutions From Scratch - American Preppers Network
Italian Sausage Bake from KatiesCucina.com
Southern Forager: Acorn "Meat" Balls!
Fried Okra w Garlic Cilantro_7390.jpg
Oak Hill Homestead: How to Render Tallow
how to make pork broth
This Easy Nutella Truffles is impossibly good!
一個「法利賽人」的懺悔《往事如刺》
Can't decide between cinnamon rolls and french toast for breakfast? Now you don't have to with my Overnight Cinnamon Roll French Toast Bake! Super-easy to make, using frozen cinnamon rolls, this overnight dish is perfect for company or anytime you want to treat your family to a delicious breakfast or brunch!
Learn the best ways to market what you have to get what you need - an important skill you can practice (and benefit from!) right now #survivaltalk #prepping
The Ups and Downs Crochet Slouchy Beanie won't mess with your emotions! But it will put a big smile on your face with a special tall stitch crochet twist!
Indonesian Chicken Curry
Carne Asada Nachos
Beef Burrito Casserole - RecipeGirl.com #recipe.jpg
Slow Cooker Stuffed Pepper Soup #crockpot
Baked Spaghetti Casserole with Meatballs - Spend With Pennies
10 Winter Wild Edibles   --   There is not a lot of green in the winter. Wild foraging dries up. If you know where to look you can still find winter wild edibles. Today I’ll share with you 10 winter wild edibles that you can forage on. Knowing where to find food all year is important. You can supplement your food and save money. If you are lost they could keep you alive.
Super Easy Tagalong Pound Cake
Mama Reed’s Vanilla Wafer Cake
Vintage Girl's Nursery
DIY: Antiseptic Ointment | Make your own antiseptic from scratch #survivallife www.survivallife.com
Ever wondered what would really happen if you only ate from the food you had on hand right now in your food storage or pantry? Learn these important 8 lessons on eating only from our food storage. I was surprised by #5 and #6.
Easy Caramel Apple Cream Cheese Spread
20 Minute Skillet Chicken and Spinach Parmesan | MomOnTimeout.com
Everything your new baby needs from the pharmacy for their medicine cabinet, a great list from a pediatrician!
Pink Champagne Cake
25 Ways to Find Money for your emergency fund
10 Items to Include in a Lights Out Kit » When the power goes out and you’re in the dark, what is the first thing you reach for? A good lights out kit has all the essentials you’ll need!  » #Emergency, #LightsOutKit, #Preparedness
Looking for a quick and easy dinner that'll have the whole family asking for seconds? These Crock Pot Chicken Caesar Sandwiches are a snap to make, and the homemade Caesar dressing is packed with protein! Healthy and delicious!
“Are goats worth it?” And to that one question, I can answer an unequivocal “Yes.” New skills are not won easily; they have to be earned.
beach-towel-and-bathing-suit-rack-title
Create a 72 Hour Emergency Kit to Grab and Go!
Slow Cooker King Ranch Chicken on SixSistersStuff.com
Healthy Buffalo Chicken Wrap - A light and healthy wrap filled with buffalo chicken breasts, Greek yogurt, bleu cheese crumbles, broccoli slaw, avocado and tomatoes for an easy lunch with bold flavor! #Buffalo #Chicken #Wrap #Lunch #Healthy #Light
Learn how to propagate herbs from cuttings and get a fantastic herb garden for pennies | PreparednessMama
Easy Crockpot Black Bean Soup (GF, DF) - The Nourishing Home
Fresh sliced avocado, coated in crispy panko breadcrumbs and baked to perfection. These avocado fries are incredibly tasty and easy to make and are sure to impress the pickiest eaters. There’…
Summer Hair Color Trends // What’s Right For You!? | Desiree Hartsock
White Cheddar Cheez-Its
Grilled Romaine Hearts with Caesar Vinaigrette
Garden success and failure in Central Texas garden zone 8b. | PreparednessMama
Beliefs about Fridge and Freezer Storage – are They True or Not?
Here are some great ways to cook outdoors naturally - without charcoal or propane!
Blueberry Croissant Puff - a delicious overnight breakfast dish that everyone will love. the-girl-who-ate-everything.com
Paleo Breakfast Casserole via @clarkscondensed
Urban #survival is the most challenging of all places when the #SHTF.This is how to survive.
Baked Apple Pie Roll Ups! Easy to make, even easier to eat... Apple pie filling wrapped in a crispy cinnamon sugar shell!
Plant Succulents in Pumpkin Vases
How to Plan and Plant a Medicinal Herb Garden l DIY Health l Homestead Lady (.com)
How to add a hood to a shirt or sweatshirt - with FREE pattern - Melly Sews
26 ways to use apple cider vinegar in your medicine cabinet, your cleaning cupboard, and your cooking for a more natural and healthy home! One of our favorite things to use on the homestead. These are great old-fashioned tips for natural remedies with apple cider vinegar
The grid’s aging infrastructure, combined with a rise in domestic electricity consumption and extreme weather issues has forced experts to critically examine the status and health of the nati…
How to use the cash envelope system and why you must use this if you are trying to get out of debt via @PennyPinchinMom
How To Cook With A Thermos & A Few Recipes - This information could be a great survival tool and frugal way to cook. I think this would be an efficient way to cook if you were camping and definitely a great backup if SHTF.
Painted and Distressed Mason Jars: A Step-by-Step Tutorial on How to Create
Hens stop laying for many reasons. Here's reasons why and how to figure out why yours aren't laying. #chickens #homesteading
Warm and melty honey nut baked Brie cheese, topped with a sweet and sticky nut topping. An easy, but elegant appetizer with only four ingredients.
Ritz Cracker Toffee
the best
Holiday cards
Butterfly Valley in Turkey
A snapshot in words of our delightful breakfast of pastries in France, part of a series of posts about my time in Provence.
Pink polka dots
Top Ten Posts of  2012 // Live Simply by Annie
Reminder
Venice, Italy
red.
Frida Gustavsson | Neiman Marcus Spring 2013
Bri Emery’s New Living Room, designed by Emily Henderson, shot by Laure Joliet
Love this
Take something you really love: a letter, envelope, photograph, a ticket stub... anything - to a printing place like Kinkos and have them blow it up for you to hang as art. An old recipe from Grandma would be great for the kitchen! Love this idea!
 
striped gift tags
print making!
Monette and Mady are Parisian twins who dress exactly alike and share their everyday lives as models and dancers.  Maja Daniels followed them to make this beautiful photo essay of their relationship.
Cute Weekly Outfits!!! http://sunnyandturquoise.blogspot.com
Heart bookmark
DIY Mason Jar Lid Candles
Why kettlebells will make you skinny and a Super Fast, Super Amazing Kettlebell Routine
Why you should add onions!
“I will arise and go now, And go to Innisfree, And a small cabin build there, Of clay and wattles made; Nine bean rows will I have there, A hive for the honey bee. And I shall have some peace there, For peace comes dropping slow, Dropping from the veils of the morning To where the cricket sings; There midnight's all a glimmer, And noon a purple glow, And evening full of the linnet's wings”  ― W.B. Yeats
Citrus Manhattan Cocktail Recipe
Burberry Brit felted wool and leather trench coat
S'mores bar, coolest freakin' thing ever
Vintage Fabric Flower Bridal Bouquet- DIY
long floating shelf.
Blackberry Shortcake with Basil Syrup #cake #sweets
Easy Mexican Casserole www.moderncommonplacebook.com
How To See Who Visits Your Blog
Cardamom Vanilla Bean Layer Cake
Chic Mint and Blush Wedding by Kina Wicks Photography via www.lemagnifiqueblog.com
Chocolate Raspberry Mousse Cake | SugarHero.com
triangle/pineapple
DIY | A brilliant hanging planter idea made with a coconut by Oh No Rachio for Poppytalk
Last-minute Christmas Gift Buying Tips Pin and Save for later! #gifts #christmas #tips www.moderncommonplacebook.com
Adorable baby girl nursery in a master bedroom closet! Yellow, mint green, pink and birds
Bias: Definitive Essential Foolproof Guide PLUS my 10 Best tips for sewing with bias-cut fabrics... a Pin Now, Read Later MUST HAVE for any sewist from beginner and over Sew Basic Series - only on SergerPepper.com
Red Velvet Waffles with Cream Cheese Syrup
Love my people that do things!
A sweet orange glaze takes this cronut over the top.
What I miss most about travel (now that I haven't been traveling as much as I used to...new babies do that to you!)
Paint Dipped Wood Candle Holders
Cool photobooth set-up idea
Cake 'Cotton Candy' Seamless Nursing Bra | Nordstrom
Use hanging garden baskets for toy storage - hearty-home.com
Ombré Tablecloth & A Spray Bottle Dye Technique
Turn-of-the-century oak chair with a soft Pendleton wool seat
Oreo Cheesecake Recipe - creamy, smooth and so rich with a Oreo crust and topping. So good! from That's My Home   #cheesecake #cheesecakerecipes #oreos #desserts
Fall Fashion Leopard Scarf With White Shirt
Ham Loaf - a mixture of pork and ham made into a meat loaf, one of my favorite recipes!  Recipes, Food and Cooking
Mini pumpkin pies
indigo wall hanging and pot plants
Kate by Anna Palma in Feeling Feminine for Fashion Gone Rogue
Make our Naan Pepperoni Pizza and dinner can be on the table in about 15 minutes! So fast and easy!!!
DIY Color Dipped Ornaments
Skinny Lasagna Roll Ups - are made using whole grain lasagna noodles with a low fat spinach filling and marinara sauce.  Recipes, Food and Cooking
7 Must-Try Vinyl DIYS
Angie Sandy Favorite Free Fonts 2013 ~~ {13 free fonts w/ easy download links}
this is such a classy color.
The Struggle Of Forgiveness | Strength and Sunshine #TriplePFeature
Wardrobe Basics: Shop Sales and Never Pay Full Price #fashion #sales #wardrobe #classics moderncommonplacebook.com
Make Edible Sprinkle Bowls for Ice Cream
Top Reasons Why L'Oreal Voluminous Mascara is the best (Even better than They're Real by Benefit!) #loreal #makeup #beauty www.moderncommonplacebook.com
Marimekko
Omapodi / Plain Sev - crunchy snack made with gram flour and rice flour..
DIY Neon Letter Light
Cool way to repurpose unloved art and make it new again
DIY : Toss the old dresser but keep the drawers...Repurposed Drawer Projects. I am so grateful for the creativity and ingenuity of others...
Cod with Mexican Rice and Cilantro Vinaigrette from That's My Home http://thatsmyhome.com/fishermans/cod-with-mexican-rice-and-cilantro-vinaigrette/  #codrecipes #fishrecipes #mexicanrice #cilantrovinaigrette
You are going to love everything about these Buttermilk Yeast Rolls , from the ease of making them to their wonderful fluffy texture and flavor.
Back in the day, folks ate s'mores while wearing jeans and T-shirts around a campfire. Here's the black-tie version—served parfait-style.
25 Delicious Camping Recipes / Six Sisters' Stuff | Six Sisters' Stuff
Top Reasons Why L'Oreal Voluminous Mascara is the best (Even better than They're Real by Benefit!) #loreal #makeup #beauty www.moderncommonplacebook.com
Vegan Thai Bake - This easy recipe is packed with protein thanks to nut butters and dairy-free milks, and has an amazing flavor profile thanks to Thai curry paste. Use your favorite seasonal vegetables, and it's easy, healthy, and cheap comfort food for a crowd.
Spaghetti Squash Chow Mein
Just set it and forget it ;) This crock pot chicken & stuffing is a delicious home cooked meal that's as easy as it gets!
Tater Tot Casserole (Freezer to Crockpot)
Who will you "boo"? Put together a cute movie night present with a personalized, easy, Halloween tutorial, AND get a recipe for an addicting chai tea caramel corn. All the details for this idea are on GoodieGodmother.com #BeenBooed #CollectiveBias #ad
DIY Wooden Magazine Holder
Homemade acai bowls
apple crisp ice cream
Green Tomato Jam - Gastronomblog
babyGap + Peanuts® graphic bodysuit (5-pack)
One Minute DIY Carrara Marble Place Cards
So pumped to start this cleanse! I thought it would be nice to try something a little different instead of doing a juice cleanse. This is a 100% RAW cleanse. So check out my downloadable 7day raw m...
A Clean Eating Grocery List: Trader Joe’s | Runs
HOW TO BUILD MUSCLE with a WHOLE FOOD PLANT-BASED DIET.   Now more than ever we are seeing health-conscious bodybuilders and athletes move towards a whole food plant-based diet.   Here's a meal plan to get you started...  http://www.vegetarianbodybuilding.com/whole-food-plant-based-diet-build-muscle/
21-Day Fix Meal Plans and Ideas - Beach Ready Now
Cream Cheese-Filled Pumpkin Bread - Pumpkin bread that's like having cheesecake baked in! Soft, fluffy, easy and tastes ahhhh-mazing!
We often talk "at" our teens...but there is one thing they need to hear us saying, over and over again...
Linsey Daly's photo.
Bacon Ranch Cream Cheese Roll-Ups
Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Bars on twopeasandtheirpod.com #recipe #pumpkin
Sausage, Gravy and Biscuit Breakfast Casserole recipe. This breakfast dish is perfect to double for large groups and can be assembled the night before for practically no morning prep.
sm sock valentine 2
A slow cooker chicken tortilla soup recipe with chicken thighs, Southwest mixed vegetables, zesty tomatoes, spices and fresh lime juice
Step by step - how to turn a basic builder grade door into an old wood salvaged door!
3 Photo Styling Tips to Instantly Improve Your Photography
DIY Wooden Clothing Rack in 10, Yes, 10 Minutes
Wedding reception seating arrangements: Pros and cons for every table layout
The best non-toxic way to clean your oven... smells like cherries!
Easy Chicken Fajitas! These make for a great weeknight meal because they are so quick and easy... and the kids love to pile them high with their favorite toppings!
Chicken Parmesan Quinoa Bake | alidaskitchen.com
DIY brush stroke art - Cuckoo4Design
Check out all the details on my very first ebook - The Beginner's Guide to Blogging - here! Plus, see how you can get your very own copy FOR FREE!!
BIG GOALS REQUIRE BOLD ACTIONS || Ever wondered what the recipe is to turn your small business into something big? My mentor @nataliemacneil shares her mistakes, lessons and actions in this special Q&A. Make 2016 your BEST YEAR EVER - read Natalie's top tips now.
Super Paw Patrol Party | CatchMyParty.com
Laguna Tufted Swoop Chair - Cream
Image: Shutterstock
If you're wondering where to find free stock images for your business or blog - have no fear. This is a great list of free images with no usage restrictions Blog, Blogging Business #blog
http://ajiboye.digimkts.com Branding, design, web, CRM, more. Love it. Worth taking a minute to review. The Importance of Colors in Marketing and Advertising [Infographic] #colors #marketing #Infographic
Nurturing the Sales Funnel Using Social Media #Infographic
New to blogging?! Here I'm sharing my very best tips to get started and begin making money right away!
25 Best Craft Supplies
Love this recipe. Refreshing and perfect to cool off with this summer. Love that I can make it as sweet as I want #ad #SplendaSweeties #SweetSwaps
HOW TO paint your front door
We are honored to be featured on the Female Entrepreneur Association sharing some tips to create a winning marketing plan. With only a few more months this year, creating a marketing plan is key. Let us know which tip your going to take action on.
How to Make Hollandaise Sauce
Whole30 Spaghetti Squash with Pesto - A Family Feast
ceramics
Recipe Index
blackberry champagne punch recipe
Go for it.
Turmeric Latte with Coffee - delicately spiced and comforting but with a little caffeine kick!
Felt Sandwich {Busy Bag Idea}
Convertkit vs Infusionsoft || The email marketing solution that most small business owners and bloggers should be using is...ConvertKit. *PIN* and get the scoop on the $24,000 mistake I made.
Damn Good || Matt Crump
Caramel ROLO Brownie Trifle... This dessert is so incredibly rich and delicious! With layers of ROLO brownies, caramel mousse, gooey caramel, chocolate mousse, chocolate sauce and ROLOS, this is sure to be a show stopper wherever it goes! #sponsored
Here are the 101 BEST blogging tools that I love! Use these blogging resources (both free and paid) to make money with your blog, rock it out on social media, find stock photos and more!
Mini S'mores Tarts Recipe | Hershey's Kisses & Honey Maid Graham Crackers & Mini Marshmallows | Luci's Morsels
EASY and healthy 20 minute dish the whole family will love! Recipe for honey garlic shrimp on
The Basics of Income
Tessa Barton x Urban Outfitters Home - NYC apartment
10 movement songs for preschoolers, perfect for brain breaks and getting the wiggles out!
11 places for a toddler on a rainy day for guaranteed entertainment
typography light box DIY
Bright flowers
Chicken Kisses: Pillsbury crescents with creamy chicken filling and gravy. Comfort Food Dinner!
DIY Non-Toxic Bath Fizzes
I had a fantastic idea the other day while thinking about fun munchies.  In the summer, funnel cake is the most amazing thing ever.  In the winter, I’m a huge fan of puppy chow, also called monkey munch by some. So, onto the fantastic idea, Fried Puppy Chow!  Of course if you have two amazing …
Thinking that the whole world is your customer is a recipe for disaster when it comes successfully marketing through blogging and social media.  Many direct sellers and small businesses start out thinking that everyone is a potential customer, and maybe they are, but having too wide of a focus can make your marketing efforts fall flat. By focusing on a particular sector of the market you can create a strong brand and become the ‘go to’ expert in your field.  Niche Marketing, Customer Avatar.
The "No Plan" Menu Plan Week 2
The Secret Tip to make your heels comfortable all day. #tips #heels
Floral arrangements and centerpieces can be so expensive. Here is how to create your own easy floral center pieces and arrangements. Make an arrangement that fits your style and budget! Plus they're so easy to make you can have on for each season!
Easy weeknight dinner
Have you ever wanted to work from home, in a creative field, and be your own boss? Freelancing may be for you! Click to find out the 5 different reasons you should become a freelancer!
salted caramel brownie sandwich cookies
A colorful lady from India whose smile is brighter than anything she is wearing.
You can easily create a Christmas tree shaped wreath for your front door! Click through for the tutorial! by Sarah Hearts
Doi Suthep Hike Chiang Mai. The Wat Soi Suthep is one of the most sacred and visited sites in Chiang Mai, Thailand. But if you decide to hike to the top rather than take the road you will find some beautiful and mysterious sites that may become your best memories of your trip to Thailand
Comforting Scriptures For New Moms
Have you started your blog on the WordPress free hosting service “WordPress.com”? Maybe you’ve had success for a while, but you feel you could do much more.  And you can, using self-hosting and the “WordPress.org” app. But how do you transfer all of your stuff to another service?Find out by reading this article : https://www.squirrly.co/how-to-switch-from-wordpress-free-hosting-to-self-hosting
Kitchen organization ideas. I like keeping the sponges and brushes off the countertops.
I love my wonderweeks app. This gives a very high level summary
Everyone has to start somewhere. Luckily, I can teach you how to bypass a ton of the rookie mistakes new bloggers make when setting up their website and social media channels.
December 1954. by Ken Schmid Studio.
Vintage Birthday card
great 20 min workout
Oven Fried Ice Cream on a Waffle
Homemade Coffee Creamer Recipe
Jac o' lyn Murphy: Even Big Girls love Winnie the Pooh-our Teen Pooh Party!
Santa Hat Cupcakes
Fudgy Brownies with Chocolate Cream Cheese Frosting
25-Best-Fall-Recipes-iowagirleats-Vertical
Get longer hair in seconds with Remy Clips clip-in Hair Extensions!:
Monster Cookie Cheese Ball - Shugary Sweets
Zasedací pořádek trochu jinak
16 Simple Exercises To Reduce Belly Fat
Chicken Alfredo Baked Ziti | gimmesomeoven.com #italian #recipe
Creamy Garlic Noodles {Homemade Pasta Roni} - SOOO much better than the boxed stuff. We make this all the time. Easy and super delicious! Everything is made in the same pot!  Ready in about 15 minutes. You'll never use the boxed stuff again.
20 Christmas Picture Ideas with Babies - Capturing Joy with Kristen Duke
Star Wars Lightsaber Pretzels
Free Christmas Trivia Game perfect for your Christmas Party or Get Together { lilluna.com }
Fudgy, chewy Caramel Cashew Chocolate Cookies that are gluten-free. The perfect Christmas cookie, or for any occasion. Made with Annie B's Caramels.
Hot Pink with Lime/Pink Crystal Rhinestone Glass Manicure Nail File 5.5" - Walmart.com
7 Day Weight Watchers Menu Plans
Winter Wedding Dresses - Belle The Magazine
30 Eye Catching Public Benches
With perfect hint of lemon, garlic, and spices, this Greek Vinaigrette will make you want to eat more salad | littlebroken.com @littlebroken
6 Yoga Poses for Strong Abs — via @TheFoxandShe
This Creamy Macaroni and Cheese Casserole is a show stopper! It's easy to make with tons of rich cheese sauce and a secret ingredient making it extra delicious!
Bacon Wrapped BBQ Meatballs
Living on the east coast I go through major Cafe Rio withdrawls. Back in our Provo days John and I would sometimes do a double header: Cafe Rio then Tracy’s Peanut Butter Cup at Leatherbys. The double header always sent me into a food induced coma afterwards and I would fall asleep at my computer …
Protein Pancakes
How to Build a Dance Floor
How To: Make Coconut Water Kefir | http://helloglow.co/homemade-coconut-water-kefir-recipe/
get rid of flies
Cilantro Lime Brown Rice by chefsavvy.com
Betty Crocker discontinued Rainbow Chip Frosting. Learn how to make your own with this Homemade Rainbow Chip Frosting #Recipe
This caprese sandwich recipe is the classic combination of tomatoes, mozzarella and basil with the welcome addition of avocado slices, all sandwiched together between slices of buttery toasted bread. ArtesanoBread AD
These quick and easy Cherry Cream Cheese Danishes are the perfect on the go breakfast, or sweet treat for the end of the day!
Learn how to use Freezer Paper to make custom printed t-shirts, tote bags and more.
How to make Golden Milk and Turmeric paste! This is a super easy recipe for making turmeric tea (Golden Milk) that is a powerful anti-inflammation drink! Drink this to soothe arthritis pain and so much more! The health benefits of turmeric are extensive.
Pumpkin Bacon Goat Cheese Appetizer with Honey, Apples & Walnuts - #Recipe by LivingLocurto.com
Super Cool Kids Science Tea Bag Ghosts!!
Twice Baked Candied Sweet Potatoes via @homemadehooplah
No Bake Cake Mix Truffles
From the Joy's Life Wintery Puns stamp set: http://joyslife.com/products/products.html
Barnyard Puns stamp set
... Joyful Stamper: A-Maize-ing Popcorn!  JoysLife.com
Gift Box created using JoysLife.com stamps, SVG from Silhouette Online Store, and KaDoodle Bug Designs
Sunnyside Up: Start your Summer Aflaming!!
Here's Saban at 6 weeks and weighing 5.5 pounds! #EnglishMastiff #puppy #mastiff
Card made with saying from Pun In The Sun stamp set available at JoysLife.com
Cricut Halloween Post-It Craft Paper Gift Bag
DIY Ear Cuff
DIY liquor bottle candles. Follow same intrusions as beer bottle glasses. Use yarn soaked in nail polish remover, tied about the bottle at the breaking point and then light it on fire. Let burn for 20-30 seconds rotating constantly, then dip into ice water. Bottle will break exactly where the yarn was  tied!
Stunning makeover! Paint Your Cabinets- huge difference and did not remove them off the hinges.
Pilgram Hat “Thankful” book – Thanksgiving Cricut Cartridge
Valentine Popcorn Munch
Last chance! Check out exclusive teacher savings on Bose® products, and enter for a chance to win their Soundlink® Mini Bluetooth® speaker! Ends January 31, 2014.
Sawhorse Outdoor Bench PDF Plans (Ana White)
Laundry Room
Strawberry Cheesecake Supreme Recipe - Kraft Recipes
Restyle your sneakers
DIY Reclaimed Wood Floating Shelves.  Easy step by step tutorial to create your own floating shelves!
Adorn Duo Ornamental Monogram
Fizzy toilet bombs
One Day Kitchen Updates • Ideas and tutorials!
Major Developmental Milestones for Toddlers Aged 18 Months - 3 Years | The Jenny Evolution
Great as an appetizer or an an easy meal that the kiddos will LOVE! They are so tasty and simple!
Fallen Leaves Slouch Hat :: Free #Crochet Pattern!
I  couldn’t let Halloween go by without posting some gross Halloween food, could I?  Some might say, “Yes, you sure could skip posting those gross witch finger cookies.”  Well…I heart scary movies, so I think I just HAVE to post some scary, creepy stuff.  Those of you who’ve followed me over the past few years have probably seen these, but pretend they’re new.  LOL! It’s as easy as … pie.  If you’ve ever [...]
schick razor with DIY shaving cream
Crock Pot Peanut Butter Banana Oatmeal ~ Easy, Overnight Oatmeal Loaded with Peanut Butter, Bananas, Steel Cut Oatmeal and Flax Seed To Get You Going in the Morning! ~ http://www.julieseatsandtreats.com
Yummy lemon sour cream pie!
Vintage Columbian Enamelware Chamber Pot, White with Black Handle and Rim, Mid Century by UpswingVintage on Etsy
Quick and easy cheesy taco skillet- this gluten free dinner is delicious and perfect for families!
Cream Roasted Acorn Squash and Sweet Potato Soup. An EASY flavor-packed fall soup that gets rave reviews! Naturally dairy-free and vegan.
The BEST Brownie Pie is totally made from scratch! All butter pie crust filled with a rich fudgy brownie recipe - this is the gooiest chocolate pie ever.
Lemon Garlic Pasta Recipe - A simple dinner idea or filling side dish.  Pasta tossed with lemon, premium olive oil, red pepper flakes, parmesan cheese and roasted garlic.
Low Carb Chocolate Protein Mufins
Low Carb Breakfast Casserole recipe - super easy and super versatile, this casserole makes it easy to add some variety to your low carb meals.
Easy No Bake Peanut Butter Bars that are sugar-free, grain-free and low carb. They taste just like Reese's Peanut Butter Cups!
Steak Salad with Crispy Shallots, Dried Cherries, Candied Pecans and Goat Cheese is a gluten-free, restaurant-quality entree salad!
Vanilla Crazy Cake
End-of-the-Year Art Projects to Keep Hands Busy
Teaching Kids About Friendship and Being a Good Friend
#Cooking With #Kids - #Sweet #Plantain #Chips #Recipe Video by EasyRecipesWithTwist | ifood.tv
mamma mia in NYC
Hand Squeezed Lemonade Recipe
Why you should spend the extra Money on a Quality backpack
Olive Garden Alfredo copy cat recipe
Garlic Shrimp
Beef Enchilada Dip makes a perfect warm, meaty, cheesy and delicious dip. If you love enchiladas, then this dip is definitely for you!
Healthy Vegan Thanksgiving Recipes.
135 Easy Elf on the shelf Ideas
Natural Bathroom Cleaning Secrets
Married with Luggage - awesome travel blog!
Valentine's Day Oreo pops
King Cake Jello Shots
Starbucks Copycat Pumpkin Spice Syrup
Chocolate Chip Cupcakes with Cookie Dough Frosting Recipe
Homemade Play-dough
Looking for recipes using canned beans? Here are 6 great (super simple!) recipes using canned beans. Great frugal meal ideas!
10 Quiche Recipes
The cupcake is made using the Duncan Hines Classic Yellow cupcake mix and is glazed with Dr. Pepper Cherry dessert topping, then frosted with Cherry Vanilla Frosting Creations. It is a simple way to make a cupcake that tastes like a drink.
Homemade Fried Chicken Recipe
Miso Butter Shrimp.
kale, fried egg and avocado sandwich
New England Seafood Chowder
Spinach & Cheese Egg Muffins
The Green Acres Cocktail @royalpalmshotel @themixupbar
Homemade red velvet brownies layered with Oreo frosting, chocolate ganache, and topped with Oreos. R
Pumpkin Cheesecake with Salted Caramel Sauce - This is Heavenly!
Ina's Spinach and Cheddar Souffle
10 fun fall recipes
Swedish meatballs w/ creamy gravy!
Salted Caramel Double Chocolate Cookies Chocolate
Sooooo good & sooooo easy, 3 simple ingredients and just pop it in the oven! I didn't broil as suggested and I did more of a 'shake and bake' style with just putting the ingredients in a bag and shake to coat. I did this with 3 boneless chicken breasts and the ratio of seasoning to chicken was perfect! ~Susan
Tons of Fun and Easy Christmas Treat Ideas on TastesBetterFromScratch.com
Easy Hello Kitty Green Tea Chocolates | Amby Felix
Homemade Wendy's Frosty {Copycat Recipe}
Chicken Wing Dip
Download this free to do list printable to track your daily goals. Track your fitness, water intake, and fruit and vegetables for the day! #24HourEsterC #ad
Strawberry Rice Krispie Treats Recipe. This weekend I decided to step up the plain rice krispie treats. These tasty treats have strawberry flavoring, sprinkles, and even dark chocolate! YUM!  Cut into hearts and they make for wonderful Valentine's Day Treats!
Caramel Apple Snickerdoodles.
Easy Crock Pot Potato Soup Recipe - Teaspoon Of Goodness
Strawberry, Lime, and Cucumber | 14 Beautiful Fruit-Infused Waters To Drink Instead Of Soda or alcoholic beverages.
New! Huggies Little Snugglers Plus Diapers AND New! Huggies Little Movers Plus Diapers provide ultra softness for baby’s delicate skin, exclusively at Costco. #HuggiesPlus #Sp
Patriotic Drinks for Kids and Adults
Crock Pot Creamy Ranch Chicken couldn't be easier for a busy night! Put chicken right in and forget about it until dinner!
Slow Cooker Vegan Barley Stew
How-to-clean-between-oven-glass-Ask-Anna1-600x507
Fall Leaf Sharpie Plate would make a perfect hostess gift or plate for appetizers.  Full tutorial and tips to help you make one too!
These easy mini cherry cheesecake treats are so delicious and so simple to make! .  . Easy Mini Cherry Cheesecake Bites Recipe  . Ingredients ~ Cheesecake Filling: 2 packages (8 ounces)  cream cheese, softened to room temperature 3/4 cup white granulated sugar 2 eggs 1 Tbsp vanilla extract 1 Tbsp lemon juice 1 can cherry …
chocolate dipped rice krispy candy corn treats
DIY Witch Hat Straws - CUTE!
how to make money at home. A huge list of ways to earn money at home and how to find legit work from home jobs.
Mmm
Panera's Broccoli Cheese Soup - tastes just like the real thing. the-girl-who-ate-everything.com
This rich and creamy peanut butter hot chocolate is perfect for keeping you warm all winter long. Plus it's super simply because it's made in your blender! That's right. I made this delicious treat right in my Vitamix!
Skinny Chicken Nuggets
A great way to get kids involved in helping people in need in the community is to create Blessing Bags, to provide real help for those who are homeless or homeless organizations. We have a free printable checklist too!
Cheesy Baked Vidalia Dip – and how to stay sane :) ~ http://www.southernplate.com
20 Date Night at Home Ideas
Rock Monster Magnets - Easy Summer Crafts for Kids to Make - Click for Tutorial
Shopping at Good Will and Scoring AWESOME Deals!
Mississippi Mud Pie Recipe
Love this DIY Owl Party Treat Bag
Bagel Pizza with homemade sauce
Cheese dipping sauce
Date Night Ideas
For the pumpkin OBSESSED!! 50 Healthy Pumpkin Recipes!!
Prep 16 meals in about an hour and put them in the freezer to cook in your crockpot!
Organized Craft Room Tour -- a tour of a fabulous craft room with tons of ideas for organization. Plus a ton more craft room tours linked!
how to organize even the smallest closet on a budget, closet, organizing, Using a hanging organizer to keep t shirts in really frees up a lot of hanging space
Bacon Jalapeno Deviled Eggs Recipe
soft lighting for romantic tables at wedding | Wedding+Lighting+Ideas+and+Inspiration+-+Table+Wedding+Lighting.jpg
21 Sneaky Vegetable Recipes
2 Ingredient Cherry Pie that anyone can make. Only 2 ingredients and super simple! Plus it looks so pretty too! Tastes even better then it looks!
ways to use baking soda and vinegar square
Egg White Pizza
Are you feeding your anxious child foods that can help their anxiety? Not sure - this is an informative quick read!
Cupcakes are my girls favorite dessert and these Cinnamon Roll Cupcake Recipe don't disappoint. - abccreativelearning.com
Sriracha Bacon Egg Salad Sandwich Recipe
Easy Slow Cooker Chili-Lime Mexican Shredded Beef. A versatile meat for tacos, burritos, enchiladas, quesadillas and more. Or just enjoy it plain. The crockpot makes it totally easy.
Grilled Salmon with Avocado Onion Salsa
Slow Cooker Bahn Mi Chicken Tacos // fresh, bright flavor, dump in crock pot & go #mealprep #healthy
Chicken Fajita Salads
The simple addition of almonds and sunflowers seeds to your smoothie will be a healthy chose and you still get great taste.
This Ginger Lime Asian Slaw is the perfect combination of savory and sweet flavors. So healthy, too! Recipe from Real Food Real Deals.
Asian Garlic Noodles - Easy peasy Asian noodle stir-fry using pantry ingredients that you already have on hand. Quick, no-fuss, and made in less than 30min!
Printable Word Search Valentines. If you are looking for a fun at home Valentine's Day card for your kids to hand out to their classmates then these Printable Word Search Valentines are perfect! All you have to do is print them out, cut the paper and have your kiddos write their names on them!
Peanut Butter Eggs just like your favorite ones at the store! They are perfect for Easter!! a mix of chocolate and peanut butter is one of the best mixes. No need to wait for Easter though to make these!
free printables for the fourth of july! includes printable art and invitations
Cheesy Baked Egg Toast title
No need to slave all day for a dinner delight! These Crock Pot Ribs are just the thing to set and forget for your busy day.
40 crock pot freezer meals in 4 hours -- this is really a good one -- and all of it is gluten free AND not a lot of veggies...mostly just meat
Breakfast Applesauce Cookies Recipe {Gluten-Free, Clean Eating, Dairy-Free, Vegan}
Crockpot Carne Asada Nachos I howsweeteats.com
Crock Pot Chex Snack Mix is a great easy snack. Using the crockpot to make…
Follow this blog with Bloglovin’ I’m popping in today with a simple recipe you can batch cook and have on hand throughout the week. Two recipes this week! I’m spoiling you guys. 🙂 Actually, I’m hoping this starts happening more often! Sloppy Joes were always one of my favorite sandwiches growing up. Although honestly, I...Read More »
10 Slow Cooker Side Dish Recipes; Easy, delicious, wonderful slow cooker side dish recipes; a perfect compliment to any meal! http://www.annsentitledlife.com/recipes/10-slow-cooker-side-dish-recipes/
Our Slow Cooker Sweet Spicy Sausage is the perfect blend of sweet, spicy and smoky and is sure to be your new favorite appetizer!
My new favorite party recipe. This spinach artichoke dip recipe is SO good and easy. Perfect appetizer or snack.
When your baby has his or her first cold, it can be downright painful to see them not feeling well. When my first baby had his first cold, all I wanted was to soothe his pain and make him as comfortable as possible. With the help of great mom advice, we both survived his first cold with flying colors. 8 years, 3 kids and hundreds of colds later, I'm sharing those same tips with you. Tips for Surviving Baby's First Cold.
undefined
akemi-photography-labradoodle-alfie-5.jpg 600×900 pixels
Butter Beer Cupcakes
Melted Snowman Oreo Balls - the-girl-who-ate-everything.com
This buffalo chicken dip is a must have appetizer if you're having men and women both at your get together. And, if you're needing food for a crowd, this is a great budget friendly appetizer as it serves a lot of people {read more}
Meatball Subs on a Stick
FREE Halloween Printables: Coloring Pages, Activity Worksheets, and more!
9 Skills to Get Your Child Ready for Kindergarten-
Mount Baker, in the Northern Cascades, one of the snowiest places in the world
The Office Finale Party Ideas
Petronas Towers | HOME SWEET WORLD
Fun & Silly Hula Hoop Games #FamilyFun
Arusha National Park  |  HOME SWEET WORLD
Wowsie..
Kinkaku-ji | HOME SWEET WORLD
Stunning budget-friendly tips from the talented Annina of Enchanting Details #PartyIdeas
A Month of Elf on the Shelf Ideas
Apple & Brie Tart (with figs and walnuts) #Recipe
St. Patrick's Day For Kids - Free Printables Plus Treat Ideas #StPatricksDay
TMNT Party Ideas #TMNT #Birthday
Olaf Craft - A fun Frozen Party decoration piece or perfect as a DIY Christmas gift for Frozen fans.
Wicked Witch Halloween Party Table decor and Halloween Party Ideas with Lime Green, Orange and Purple!
Grad Party Ideas - cute ideas for food, favors, free printables and more. Great for graduation parties for all ages.
65 Recipes Using Cranberries - from cakes, pies, and cookies to breads, muffins and sauce, the best cranberry recipes on the web! | cupcakesandkalechips.com
Gender Reveal Cupcakes - so many delicious & cute ways to announce the gender of your baby!
Magnifying Glass Valentine with free printable
Cheesecake Swirl Brownie Bars Recipe
20 FUN ideas for Easter Egg Hunts!
Texas Sheet Cake Recipe
Coconut Cupcakes Recipe
Instagram party idea for girls. Bright, fun colors with a classic, vintage vibe.
Charades For Family Fun: On The Job theme (includes 10 printable games, score card, fun snack ideas and more!)
Home Sweet Home Easter Bunny Cupcakes with FREE printable cupcake topper! #Cremin #TheBakersSecret
Romantic Comedy Movie Party - perfect for Valentine's Day, ladies night, birthday party or slumber party.
Funfetti Angel Food Cupcakes | Cooking Classy
Charades For Family Fun: Time For A Change theme (includes 10 printable games, score card, fun snack ideas and more!)
Peanut Butter Fudge Coffee Ice Cream Cupcakes | howsweeteats.com
German Chocolate Cake Pops Recipe
Easy Cheese String Ghosts - Halloween Snack For Kids
Ballet Birthday Party table settings and centerpiece! See more party planning ideas at CatchMyParty.com!
Hepburn 8 Piece Comforter Set - Antique White
10 Ways to Use Vinegar
No Fail Roasted Potatoes: Super crispy roasted potatoes that are perfect every time with NO flipping or fussing! The only way I make roasted potatoes! www.thereciperebel.com
Cute Outfit ideas 02
Salted Caramel Cupcakes Recipe - a crowd-pleasing dessert recipe!
25 Dreamy Pudding Poke Cakes You Shouldn't Live Without!
caramel apple sangria
Slow Cooker Chicken Parmesan Soup - All of the flavors of decadent Chicken Parmesan in a waistline-friendly crockpot soup! Takes just minutes to prep. | foxeslovelemons.com
Retro+Christmas+Tree++-+Star+Wars+Version
Free Girl Dress Patterns
Printable Christmas Treasure Map. Fun way to lead the kids to a special present on Christmas day, or just for a fun activity during December
- http://ift.tt/1MNMhRR
peanut butter balls- two twenty one
Butternut Squash Ravioli with Asparagus www.fooddonelight.com
This garlic rosemary pork tenderloin recipe can be made on the grill during the summer and on the stovetop during the winter! It is a fast dinner recipe.
Garage toy storage
Get a Super Clean Dishwasher with Vinegar!
Skillet Chicken with Mushroom and Onion Sauce
Cinnamon Spice Cupcakes Recipe
peanut butter chocolate fudge
Keeping a house clean is NOT an easy task! This is the best advice anyone ever gave me!
Shopkins Party - FREE Printable Shopkins Birthday Invitation
cheeseburger shepherd's pie / easy + no bake
This Slow Cooker Crack Chicken is Creamy Cheesy Ranch and Bacon Shredded Chicken. It's perfect on it's own, on a sandwich, in a tortilla or as a dip!
Clean Eating Spinach and Artichoke Quinoa Casserole
Ciabatta Bread
How to Make Ghee
Homemade Reusable Disinfecting Wipes from LiveRenewed.com
Taco Salad Casserole Recipe - a yummy family meal recipe!
Cheesy Hashbrown Casserole Recipe - great for dinner or brunch!
Garlic Sauce Chicken | www.diethood.com | Pan-Seared Chicken Thighs prepared with an amazing garlic sauce.
Homemade Steak Fries
Chocolate cream cake
Farmhouse kitchen remodel | Interior Designer: Carla Aston | Photographer: Tori Aston
Paleo Blueberry Chocolate Macaroons Recipe
Spring Leaves Wooden Door Mat
Spinach Sausage Mushroom Frittata
Healthy Kale and Turkey Skillet Recipe
The Best Soft and Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe
This recipe is a great way to prepare an oatmeal breakfast for those days where you are on the go or when you know you won’t have time to cook in the morning. Plus, it taste just like cinnamon rolls :-)
Spring Cookie Bars Recipe
At-Home Date Ideas when Pregnant plus free printables!
Paleo Banana Almond Coffee Cake Muffins
Contemporary ring personalized engraved ring thin gold by springit
Eat, Drink and be Hairy for Father's Day - an adorable DIY Father's Day gift idea!
Construction Party Lunch Idea with Printable Lunch Boxes! A fun idea for a Construction Birthday party.
Homemade Lemon & Lavender Linen Spray with Young Living Essential Oils. LivingLocurto.com
Bacon Cheddar Ranch Burgers Recipe with Onion Strings  - a great summer meal idea!
Coconut Oil Roasted Beets recipe.  I like to call these beets Vegetable Candy! They are perfect sweet and  caramelized.  I could eat the whole bowl myself! Beets have amazing detox properties--this is a great way to eat them!
S'mores Cake Pops Tutorial - a delicious party dessert idea that's perfect for a camping or summer party!
Easy 4 Ingredient Paleo Cinnamon Raisin Flatbread- Just five ingredients and five minutes are needed to make this simple Paleo Cinnamon Raisin Flatbread- Very high in protein, low in carbohydrates and perfect with a generous spread of butter! Gluten and refined sugar free! @thebigmansworld - thebigmansworld.com
Easy Magic Chocolate Shell Ice Cream Topping Recipe - this easy treat idea is ready in just a few minutes.
Little Turkey Cookies! An easy idea for a Thanksgiving treat that kids will love.
Peanut BUTTer Bunny Butt Pretzels - a fun Easter party treat idea for kids.
Mascarpone Cheese Scones have a subtle orange and butter flavor. The texture is…
Homemade Nutella Oreos - this easy cookie recipe tastes JUST like an Oreo! Filled with the BEST Nutella frosting recipe, the cookie sandwiches are the BEST ever!
Crockpot sweet potato, chicken, and quinoa soup. SO good and super healthy!
Gooey Candy Brownie Pie - this EASY brownie recipe is baked like a cake, FILLED with candy, and topped with a pourable chocolate frosting. It's chocolate heaven!
IKEA trees
Chocolate Chip Coconut Oatmeal Blondies with Caramel Sauce Recipe
Baked Hash Brown Casserole – Delight the whole family with this Cheesy Hash Brown Casserole recipe. This cheesy hash brown side dish complements virtually any meal any time of the day since it’s a top rated creation—but our favorite way to serve it is in the morning during the holidays.
Love heart necklace
Pecan pie brie bites recipe
Apple Honey Cake.
Caramel Apple Dessert Pizza
Your slow cooker does the heavy lifting in this classic beef stroganoff. Just prep some pasta while the beef, garlic, onions and mushrooms simmer away.
#luxe #handbag #bag #starbucks #coffee #fashion #style #chic #wishlist Tumblr
Free Crochet Pattern Round Up - Seven Alive
Get your content shared on Pinterest with branded graphics.
Crockpot Cheesy Chicken & Rice This slow cooker meal is a WINNER! Best dinner ever!
Teacher Appreciation Free Printable Tags | Tote Bag Gift Idea
Slow Cooker Taco Soup
Ginger Bok Choy Soup with Noodles
21 Day Fix Family Friendly Recipes - unOriginal Mom
17 Tips on Starting a Business from Top Etsy Parents - these are from crafters, but I think they are applicable across most self-start businesses
FREE 10 question guide to defining your personal brand (and why this matters for your business!
DIY Sparkling Love Valentine’s Day Letter Blocks
DSC_0069
You’re the Star of my Show Valentine
Easy Basement or Garage Shelving
Easter Egg Candle Holder
No-Bake Carrot Cake Protein Bars | Hummusapien
How to Optimize Your Blog for Content Distribution - #infographic #socialmedia #blogging #contentmarketing
Economy of Style: #CapsOn for the St. Louis Cardinals
Santa Hat Cupcake. These Sanata hat cupcakses are easy to make, make with your favorite cake recipe and with Homemade Icing. They make a great Christmas Party Treat. These Santa Hat Chrimstas cupcakes are Christmas desserts that kids will love:
2-ingredient Coconut Oil Facial scrub. You will never go back!
Martha Stewart Roasted Cabbage
Ocean Wall Mural.
what not to clean with vinegar
Banana Oat and Greek Yogurt Muffins
A healthy plant-based breakfast smoothie that tastes like dessert!
75 Types of Blog Posts
DIY Wood Sandbox: Easy to Make with the New BLACK+DECKER AutoSense Drill - Kenarry.com
hello, Wonderful - HOW TO MAKE MINI WATER BLOBS
5 Tips for How to Use a Charcoal Grill
How To Find The Right Time To Promote Your Offer
Limeapple Sale
This strawberry pretzel salad is always a hit at parties. It's a strawberry jello dessert that is dangerously good! It's sweet, salty, tart and irresistible!
The Top 5 Little Known Ways to STAND OUT on Pinterest | Not sure what you should be doing on Pinterest to gain followers and increase recognition of your biz and brand? We've got you covered with the top 5 (little known) tips on how to increase your visibility on Pinterest! | pinterest tips | social media tips
How to optimize your blog posts for Pinterest. Pinterest tips for Life & Health Coaches, as well as bloggers.
Twitter is a very popular and very loud social media platform.  How in the world is somebody supposed to get noticed on Twitter?
A HUGE List of Free Resources to Help Run Your Home-Based Business
How to Grow Your Email List With Content Upgrades: Content upgrades will help you grow your blog and brand while building a stronger relationship with your audience, drive traffic back to your blog, and most importantly help you grow your email list. Click here to find out how you can start creating content upgrades today. Perfect for bloggers, infopreneurs, startups, small business owners, and entrepreneurs. TheCollectiveMill.com
Easy steps on how to freshen your mattress and Ban dust mites.
Today's video will introduce you to Photoshop Layers using a free Desktop Organiser Template. You can learn all about layers and create a lovely, personalised desktop background in the process.
Why You're Spending Too Much Time on Social Media and What You Should Be Doing…
An amazing idea for dealing with kids lunches! Making a bunch of items in one day for the week so there is no stress during the week!
These cheesy Meatball Sliders are an easy appetizer recipe for game day. Make them for your next party!
Amazing professional photographer and certified business genius Anne Ruthmann shares how to get new clients from your network the right way. #photography #wah
Blog Traffic and Income Report - How I made $1,954.58 in July. I am keeping track of what is working and what needs to be changed each month. Always trying to improve my traffic and better my blog. This is great for newbie bloggers learning how to blog and how to make money doing it!
NYC-Travel-Guide-The-Intern-Movie-Locations-7
If you've recently started a blog or your blog hasn't gotten traction yet, here are 17 ways to increase blog traffic this month that I've used in my own blogs so I know can work for you.  I used tips like these to increase the blog traffic one of my blogs until we went from 3,000 monthly page views to 70,000 in our highest month in just a few months.
12 #GirlBoss Bloggers Share Tips for New Bloggers (Part 2)
This Creamy Cucumber salad is the perfect quick and easy side for any barbecue or picnic! You can use greek yogurt or sour cream for a delicious side everyone will love!
Nanny's Chocolate Fudge Brownie Cake is a keeper recipe! Easy to make and perfect for chocolate lover's.
We run into them now and again...potential prospects that try to haggle our price point until they're blue in the face. You're worth more than that. Try these 25 Incredible Responses to People Who Want a Discount. (And grab the FREE printable, too!)
Clever ways to grow your email list using social media
Paper-Poinsetta-Tutorial
Free content planning kit to help you build a content plan for your blog and social media. 22 pages of step-by-step worksheets to help you define your purpose, find your ideal audience, find your niche, plan a strategic content schedule for your blog and social media platforms, and grow an audience of engaged readers for FREE. Get the free workbook now and grow your blog audience >>
Wow.  Wow.
Cranberry Pistachio Dark Chocolate Bark
Adorable newborn photo idea #photography #baby
Coconut Crusted French Toast
#DIY : #bracelets pour l'été
Blarney Castle - Cork City, Ireland
A perfectly easy Halloween cake.  HolidaywithMatthewMead.com
Gooey Smores Cookies - I like that she food processes in cinnamon grahams for a different twist.
Fire breathing dragon baby costume
Handmade Treasure Map
Just announced $110....America's best kept beauty secret is now available to the general public for a limited time only (just for the holiday season) and they are offering FREE shipping!  Order your own bottle of Nerium AD at http://katfriant.nerium.com or simply double click the gift set picture.  When on the website sign up as a RETAIL customer and it will allow you to order this special holiday gift set.  HURRY before they are gone!
#RalphLauren coussin
valentines decorations
Cute ....Freeze ice cream in a 9X13 then use cookie cutters.
Valentine's Day Wreath 2
My son's Dr. Seuss room
Great uses for the color Red in your home!
How to make a Blog Button with a Grab Box (SUPER EASY WITH THIS TUTORIAL!)
great idea with red mesh ribbon
I have used countless products from high end products sold in malls to various med spa and salon treatments. Like millions of men and women nationwide I have fallen time and time again for those Madison Avenue Ads in magazines and commercials on t.v. only to end up in the same place,stuck with a crappy ass product and frustrated as hell! I used NeriumAD CONSISTENTLY every night before bed for 30 days and was shocked to say the least...There are beauty Gods!    ------> http://katfriant.nerium.com
Visit http://katfriant.nerium.com for a more natural approach to beauty! Petroleum jelly is a byproduct of oil.  Do your products contain Petroleum?  The European Union has banned many petroleum jelly products, and experts are concerned they could be linked to cancer.  Buyers Beware...or at least AWARE of what you are putting on your skin.  STOP giving into these Madison Avenue Ads and Products!  It may be hazardous to your health :(
Top off St. Patrick's Day or any morning when your lads and lasses feel lucky. These hats can be personalized for parades all year long!
Freeze Homemade Cinnamon Rolls prior to cooking.  Then you can thaw them and have homemade cinnamon rolls anytime for guests!
The World Market Ikat Taya Maxi Dress goes seamlessly from the pool to date night!  #WorldMarket #SummerFun @Cost Plus World Market
epoxy clay flower earrings via SewWoodsy.com #12MonthsOfMartha #MarthaStewartCrafts
Smores Hot Cocoa! WHOA BABY!! minimalistbaker.com
R2-D2 Bento in the ECOlunchbox #starwars #bento
Tie Dye Cupcakes at Sweet Rose Studio #baking #recipes
S'mores Fudge from Craft Quickies
Bloom's Taxonomy questions for read alouds! $
Spooky Spider Wreath - perfect Halloween decorations DIY idea!  eclecticallyvintage.com
Défilé Marc by Marc Jacobs -  PAP Printemps-Eté New York 2014
Défilé Marc Jacobs -  PAP Printemps-Eté New York 2014
Browned Butter Apple Pie Scones that are the best ones I've ever had ohsweetbasil.com-4
This sparkly advent calendar will get you in the festive mood for sure! #christmas
fluffernutter cookies
DIY Gift Ideas for Dudes
15 No-Bake Pie Recipes
5 Simple and Silly Thanksgiving Handprint Art Ideas on http://www.5minutesformom.com
Crafty Christmas Black Friday Giveaway
No-Knit DIY Yarn Projects
t-shirt ideas for the 100th day of school
This glittered necklace is STUNNING!  Putting this on my to-do list!
How To Maintain Red Hair via www.hairsprayandhighheels.com
Bacon Cheddar & Jalepeno Pinwheels - made with cream cheese and Pillsbury Crescent Dough for an easy cheesy snack!
Défilé Atelier Versace Haute Couture Printemps-Eté 2014 #PFW #HauteCouture #AtelierVersace
Superhero Amazing Race with free printables
20 Best DIY Wreaths Spring and Summer
9 Creative Ways to Celebrate Dr. Seuss's Birthday
Rainbow Sugar Cookie Bark Recipe - Mom On Timeout
Bunny Marshmallow Dippers from Craft Quickies
Bunny Cake
Steak & Sriracha Lettuce Wraps - Sweet C's Designs
Carrot Cake Pancakes | www.somethingswanky.com
Paper Bag Puppet Printables - TOO FUN!  Such a quick & easy activity!
flatstoflipflops.com 14 Ways to Wear a Midi Skirt #roundup
DIY body wrap on iheartnaptime.com with supplies you already have at home ...lose up to 1-2 inches overnight! Great way to slim up before a lake trip or party!
Hundreds of Amazing Free Photography Tutorials at iHeartFaces.com
25 Amazing Cupcake Recipes - The Cards We Drew
Caramel Apple Pound Cake No Churn Ice Cream recipe for fall or any time of the year!
Pretty pretty.
A Beautiful Journal! Great gift idea, plus lots of other shiny gift ideas.  Love.
Snowflake Wall Hanging - thecraftedsparrow.com
Turkey Books - Fun for Thanksgiving!!
It can be a challenge to get kids motivated to help out around the house, but getting kids to do their chores not only makes family life run smoother, it is essential to their own development and self-esteem! Don't miss these four simple steps you can take right now to create a chore chart that works. This in-depth post even includes four different types of printable chore charts, plus a helpful list of age-appropriate chores!
#Mozzarella, Pesto, Arugula, and Parmesan #Bruschetta
Le retour du #trench Trench comeback
Skip Count on a Number Line Task Cards and Recording Sheets No Common Core #TPT $paid
Fern Smith's Classroom Ideas: Tuesday Teacher Tips: Can't Celebrate Halloween At School? Throw an Owl Party Instead!
Masking tape
Gisele Bundchen
Recette de carpaccio sucré, Carpaccio d'ananas au poivre
Pretty! This Kilim-Inspired painted basket tutorial is an easy way to try out a fun new color palette quickly and inexpensively. It's so simple to make!
Un tee-shirt bien blanc et un jean bien brut, deux must-have de la garde-robe.
Granola Cookies via @PureWow
Holiday Greenery 101
#FREE Problem Solving and Using a Table to Organize Data Task Cards, Recording Sheet and Answer Key with a Cute Kid at School Theme #TPT $paid
Chocolate Buttercream Icing
Sophie Delaveau | Photographe mariage - portrait - lifestyle - editorial - plan de table - DIY #wedding
Peanut Butter Cookie Gooey Bars - my favorite easy peanut butter cookie recipe baked as a bar and filled with gooey chocolate!
La collection Balmain pour H&M débarque dans quelques jours
Robe de mariée Pronovias 2016
Infinity Scarf From Old Sweater 5
DIY Noel blocks Christmas craft
This quick and easy sausage and butternut squash frittata is a perfect paleo breakfast, lunch or dinner. It's gluten-free, dairy-free and paleo. | cookeatpaleo.com/sausage-and-butternut-squash-frittata
Easy Microwave Caramels - simple as that
Anew Platinum Day Cream SPF 25
Spicy Rosemary Roasted Nuts | Cocktail Nibbles
Un tatouage discret d'ananas en haut de la cuisse
La tresse maxi poisson
Un carré mi-long avec raie sur le côté
"Cracked Out" Chicken Bubble Up Recipe - chicken, cheddar bacon, ranch, chicken soup, sour cream and biscuits baked casserole. SO addictive! I literally licked my plate!
Lingerie rouge Aubade
clean thai chicken lettuce wraps recipe
Esprit vintage avec le maillot de bain fleuri une pièce et les lunettes de soleil venant des années 60.
Les crêpes, c'est si facile. la recette de la pâte à galetets de blé noir (crêpes de sarrasin) par l'école des maîtres crêpiers.
I’ll be the first to admit that I’m semi-addicted to the Whole Foods bar. There are so many delicious items on the bar that I often end up filling my container to the brim with different veggies, beans, salads and the like. Then I end up paying an arm and a leg for my meal. …
11 Reasons I Drink a Glass of Lemon Water First Thing Every Morning - Faithful Provisions
Doughnut Muffins via @PureWow via @PureWow
FREE! Leprechaun Pudding Directions and Science Observation Sheet by Fern Smith's Classroom Ideas - Cute, Quick, Fun and it's yours FREE!
This One-Pan Cheesy Chicken, Broccoli, and Rice dish is perfect for a busy weeknight. Instant family favorite. the-girl-who-ate-everything.com
Une recette de saint-Honoré, avec de la pâte à choux, régal garanti !
Robe Rue de Seine, qui peut se porter pour se marier ou simplement en été avec un look bohème chic.
The candy bar game—a super simple party game that will provide a ton of fun for all ages!
Les chaussures rouges font toujours leur effet. Que ce soit avec un jean ou une tenue sobre, elles rehaussent le tout et suffisent à twister votre allure.
Sandales roses lacées d'inspiration ghillies, Obsession Minelli, par Georgia May Jagger
Blueberry Crumb Muffins Recipe ~ Comforting, Homemade Blueberry Muffins are the Perfect Morning Treat! These Muffins are Perfectly Moist and Delicious, Bursting with Juicy Blueberries with a Crumb Topping!
Pâtes aux courgettes : recette gourmande ET adaptée au diabète - Onmeda.fr
Les calories de l'apéro, comment ne pas faire de ce super moment une cata nutritive ?
apple-coffee-cake-2
La meringue revient hanter nos desserts d'été, comme dans ce roulé aux framboises
These S'mores Cookies are so good! They have the familiar comfort of chocolate chips, the chewy texture of a brownie and the yummy flavors of a S'more!
One of the best easy side dishes: Bacon-Parmesan Spaghetti Squash recipe! Only 4 ingredients! A must-make fall recipe when spaghetti squash is in season.
Mini S’mores Cheesecake Recipe- I need this!!!
Du poisson mariné, du jus de citron et surtout choisissez bien votre piment !
Honey Sriracha Salmon
Etape 7 - Leçons de cuisine pour enfants,  - Vous pouvez déposer quelques légumes non-découpés (tomates cerises, brocolis) qui donneront plus de couleurs à votre plat et attirera l’œil de votre enfant.
Personnaliser la chambre - Chambre bébé : des idées de décoration chambre bébé - ©Chambre bébé Verbaudet Si l'on est un peu manuelle, il est très agréable et gratifiant de faire la chambre de son enfant toute seule. Attention toutefois à y penser en avance...
Color Stereo - Réussir sa coloration de cheveux - Un soin amplificateur de reflets, raviveur de couleur, enrichi du Ampli Color System, qui compense la perte des colorants et permet d’espacer les colorations. L’agent silkycare...
Pour elle & lui - Eaux fraîches pour l’été -
La météo - Pratiquer la randonnée, sports nature, marche - Les conditions météorologiques constituent l’une des principales composantes de la pratique de la randonnée. Les connaître permet d’anticiper bien des problèmes… L’idéal...
Cool Matte Mousse - Rimmel - Le teint - Un fond de teint mousse à la texture soufflée et aérienne qui dépose un souffle frais sur la peau. La formule AquaCool, riche en eau purifiée, permet de lutter contre les...
Duo Lumière des Yeux Agnès b. Le Club des Créateurs de Beauté - Maquillage des yeux - Un crayon double-mine qui, avec sa teinte rose, estompe les signes de fatigue. Une manière rapide et ludique de donner un coup de fraîcheur naturelle. Duo Lumière des Yeux Agnès b...
Enceinte ou pas ? - Je veux un bébé - Comment savoir si l’on est enceinte ? Comment reconnaître les premiers symptômes ?Si la grossesse est une aventure naturelle, on ne tombe pas enceinte à tous les coups !...
Ongles fantaisie - Manucure -
L’épisiotomie - Les étapes de l’accouchement  - Il s’agit d’une petite incision, pratiquée sur la paroi vaginale et sur les muscles du périnée juste au moment de l’expulsion, quand la tête du bébé apparaît, afin d’éviter...
Purée de carottes, coriandre, filets de cabillaud  - Leçons de cuisine pour enfants,  - Temps de préparation : 10min A partir de 24 mois
Etre confiante - Conseils pour séduire les hommes en été - Pour être bien dans sa peau, il faut se sentir séduisante. « Les femmes doivent soigner leur look et leur corps. Une épilation nickel reste une des premières politesses pour soi et pour l’autre...
Canapé Tobago - La Déco ethnique, c’est chic - Imaginez-vous au cœur des plantations coloniales avec ce canapé en abaca (feuilles de bananier tressées). Pour des réceptions chaleureuses et exotiques. La Maison Coloniale Prix : 2089 € N° lecteur : 0800 10 11 51 ou www...
Pacs et séparation, rupture - Mariage ou pacs ? - C’est incontestablement l'un des avantages du Pacs : on peut le rompre très facilement. Une simple déclaration de l'un ou des deux partenaires au greffe du tribunal d'instance suffit...
Les soirées Mille Bornes  - Conseils pour passer de bonnes vacances en famille - Y'en a toujours un pour vouloir jouer aux jeux de société : Uno, Mille Bornes, Tarot et Trivial Poursuit, même combat. C'est pas le jeu en lui-même qui agace, c'est les autres...
Service Muguet d'Olivier Gagnère pour Bernardaud - Art de la table : nos sélections coups de coeur de l'été - Voici une brassée de muguet porte-bonheur, signée Olivier Gagnère, pour Bernardaud. Un motif frais, sobre et original pour égayer votre table ! Service Muguet d'Olivier Gagnère pour Bernardaud Assiette à dîner...
Alliance Georg Jensen - Alliances, anneaux et mariage - Le joaillier scandinave propose ici une version originale du traditionnel anneau. Georg Jensen, alliance Möbius, argent Prix : 168 € Infos sur www.georgjensen.com
Carreaux de ciments 1930 Colours 20 x20 cm chez Castorama  - Aménager sa cuisine avec Oscar Ono - Réveillez le charme des demeures d’autrefois et dotez votre sol de ces carreaux de ciment 1930. Authenticité et tradition garanties. Carreaux de ciments 1930 Colours 20 x20 cm chez Castorama Prix public indicatif : 35...
Massages relaxants - Choisir le massage qui me convient, massage relaxant, se faire masser - Se détendre tout en douceur... c'est le but premier des soins relaxants. Si vous êtes pressées, le massage assis ou le massage anti-stress sont pour vous ! Si vous souhaitez une longue séance pour être parfaitement relaxées...
Canapé Jimi, Milano Bedding chez Autour d'un canapé - Notre sélection de canapés très déco - Par simple mouvement de l'assise, Jimi se transforme en un lit une place. Un rangement pour housse de couette et coussin est intégré. Milano Bedding chez Autour d'un canapé Canapé Jimi, 200 x100 x H...
Hamamelis Zaza, Eres - Lingerie sexy pour nuits torrides: Sélection de lingerie sexy - Avec cet ensemble, impossible de vous résister. Le soutien-gorge Hamamelis pigeonnant et les bretelles fines sont mises en valeur grâce à une dentelle froncée gris pâle : 220 €...
Tout dépenser - Témoignages : audaces - Julie, 31 ans, dessinatrice à Agen. La fin de mes vacances en Grèce approchait : J-2 avant le départ. Bilan : quelques aventures, en toute légèreté. Seulement voilà, j’ai rencontré Tonio...
Célébrité Christophe Willem - Interview vidéo, Christophe Willem, une journée avec "la tortue" -
Grille-pain KitchenAid - Art de la table et brunch, électro-ménager - Mmm, des bon toasts tout chauds, c’est indispensable pour un bon brunch. Un grille-petit au coloris tonique et qui prend une toute petite place.... KitchenAid Grille-pain artisan, existe en 6 couleurs : 279 € www...
Idéal masculin intello artiste - Rencontrer l'amour sur Internet - Imaginez-vous à Paris, Amiens ou encore Marseille avec un homme qui saurait vous raconter des anecdotes sur chaque rue, chaque place avec une passion communicative. C’est...
Lunettes modèle BK537 01, Bikkembergs, chez Solaris - Mode lunettes - Avec sa ligne pure et ses verres parme grisé, ce modèle réhaussé du nom de leur créateur se singularise par un design extrêment contemporain et un tempérament couleur d'acier...
Amour mythique - Couple fusionnel ou indépendant -
Coffret Riche Crème,Yves Rocher - Cadeaux sur Internet - Première marque de cosmétique végétale, Yves Rocher propose sur Internet toute sa gamme présente en magasin. Le site contient une centaine d'idées cadeaux pour les femmes, les hommes, les adolescentes et même les enfants...
Question test poussette : Vos moyens de transport - Choisir poussette : comment choisir une poussette ? - ©Recaro
Décorations Caravane - Déco de Noël et table en fête - Une touche kitsch dans le sapin avec ces personnages en toile cirée pleins de gaieté. Décorations en toile cirée, Caravane, 4 € www.caravane.fr
Profil test : peureuse - Test : savez-vous négocier ? - Profondément honnête, vous considérez toute négociation comme source de conflit. Or vous détestez ces situations où chacun avance avec ses forces et ses faiblesses. D’autant...
Queue de cheval basse, coiffure mouillée - Coiffures, relooking, Modèle de coiffure, idées de coupes de cheveux, photo de coiffures - Tenez l'ensemble de la chevelure à l'aide d'un gros élastique, mis de côté dans l'axe de la raie.
Mule bijou à talons, Pierre Hardy - Chaussures d'été : sandales, spartiates, tongs - Chaussures pour femmes  - Pour accompagner les robes longues et les tenues sophistiquées, le chausseur Pierre Hardy présente un modèle au luxe discret. Surmontée d'un détail bijou, cette sandale s'illustre à travers une grande élégance...
Bourse Vanessa Bruno - Réveillon accessoires - Chantre de la création de mode, Vanessa Bruno a imaginé ce ravissant sac du soir qui vous permettra d'emporter en soirée tout votre précieux barda. Effet magique : La coupe...
Sels de Bains au genévrier, Kneipp - Le bain - Des sels de bains aux huiles essentielles de genévrier, arbuste conifère des régions tempérées et froides, qui décontractent les muscles et stimulent la circulation sanguine...
Robe Feuille, Catherine Varnier - Robes de mariée 2007 - De fines bretelles ornées feuilles, un profond décolleté dos et une mégère traîne faite de larges pans brodés : tout le raffinement d'une création de Catherine Varnier. Robe Feuille de Catherine Varnier en organza de soie...
Musiques rock'n soul pour petites oreilles, Unidisc, rock pour enfants, soul pour les petits - Compilations musicales 2007, playlist selon l'envie - Le voyage en voiture va être long, alors il faut prévoir quelques CD pour occuper les enfants (et les empêcher de se disputer quand ils perdent patience...). Et vous n'en...
Amour Gloire et Roubaix, Cie Detournoyement - Cadeaux déco et gourmands pour la Saint Valentin - Une idée insolite pour la saint-Valentin qui change des bouquets et des cœurs. Une visite guidée avec la complicité d’artistes, des promenades décalées qui proposent de revisiter l’histoire de la ville en musique...
Collection 2007 Marithé Francois Girbaud - Rencontre vidéo avec François Girbaud (M+F Girbaud) -
Luminiaires salle de bains B ‘Bath - Déco de salle de bains, aménager sa salle de bains, douche - Aux lignes strictes et pures, rehaussée d’un liseré coloré, cette gamme de luminaires possède un diffuseur en cristal trempé et sérigraphié blanc, très joliment dessiné. S’installe au mur comme au plafond...
Traumatismes et patinage - Patin à glace, patinage sur glace - Le Dr Guy Pernelet, médecin fédéral à la FFSG, dresse une liste : «Les problèmes surviennent surtout à la suite de chutes : traumatisme crânien et de la face, fractures ou entorses du poignet, du coude ou de l’épaule...
Résultats de coaching - Love coach, la tendance du coaching amoureux - Comment se déroule une séance ? Par téléphone, mail ou en face à face. Le coach propose au client de décrire sa vie amoureuse. Il lui pose des questions de manière à cerner sa personnalité...
Conseils d'écriture, maîtriser la langue française, publier - Test : Quelle romancière pourriez-vous être ? - Entre une pratique régulière et la préparation d’un livre, il y a un pas, non ? Il existe, dans le rapport à l’écriture, des seuils. La première chose est d’être à l’aise avec la langue française...
Maquillage Wendy Rowe, coiffure Stéphane Lancien - Maquillage et coiffure, beauté des défilés hiver 2007 - Un teint de pêche, jeu d’ombres et de lumière, qui sculpte à merveille le visage chez Dice Kayek. On aime ce look naturel sophistiqué. Maquillage Wendy Rowe, coiffure Stéphane Lancien...
Coiffure Lucie Saint Clair - Les plus belles coiffures de mariée - Une coiffure digne des tapis rouges. Les cheveux, crêpés pour un effet coque très 60's, tombent en liberté sur les épaules. Pour plus de douceur, une large mèche, plaquée sur le front, est habillée d'un accessoire strassé...
Test sur Brad Pitt - Brad Pitt - Interview, film "l'Assassinat de Jesse James" -
Mode spécial rondes  - © Patrick Demarchelier Poitrines généreuses et rondeurs sensuelles reviennent au goût du jour avec des actrices comme Scarlett Johansson ou Monica Bellucci. Voilà une bonne nouvelle : plus question de cacher ses formes...
Spécialités régionales, violettes de Toulouse - Cadeaux d'invités, mariage - Mini cannelés de Bordeaux, nougats de Montélimar, bêtises de Cambrai, coussins de Lyon... et pourquoi pas petites bouteilles d'huile d'olive ou mignonettes d'eau de vie....
Stars et cinéma - Festival de Cannes, histoire du festival - Et vos plus grands souvenirs de stars ? Peut-être celui d'Elisabeth Taylor qui est apparue en 1987, ressuscitée, resplendissante, sublime dans sa robe rouge. Je fus d'ailleurs le seul à l'interviewer en tête-à-tête...
Huile végétale Bourrache Bio de Cattier - Huiles de soin et de massage - L’huile de bourrache est très riche en acides gras essentiels, ce qui en fait un véritable soin régénérant antirides, qui redonne élasticité et souplesse à la peau. Seul inconvénient : c’est une huile difficile à conserver...
Cefar Activ X2 - Machines pour gym, sport et technologie, gym à domicile - Tout nouveau, le Cefar Activ X2 est équipé de deux concepts révolutionnaires : l'Easy touch, qui ajuste automatiquement la bonne intensité au profil de l’utilisateur, et l'Easy Training...
Gommage au Miel d'Ambre MaroMaroc - Conserver le hâle de l'été, Bronzage conseils, Peau bronzée, Garder son bronzage, Autobronzants mode d'emploi - Une pâte ambrée inspirée du savon noir, qui balaie les cellules mortes. La texture grasse sur base végétale, gorgée de grains exfoliants naturels, devient mousse au contact de la peau humide et se masse aisément...
Huile essentielle, Florame - Beauté végétale, Produits de beauté d'inspiration naturelle, Senteurs de fruits et de légumes, Cosmétiques parfumés - Une huile essentielle à la carotte, qui fait la peau aux taches pigmentaires sur les mains. "Une goutte d'huile essentielle de carotte -Daucus carota- dans 5 ml d'huile végétale...
Température normale.
Perte de connaissance répétée.
Les mycoses sont des affections de la peau et de ses annexes (poils, cheveux, ongles) ou des muqueuses (tissus qui tapissent la bouche, le tube digest
Fin de grossesse.
Calculs rénaux.
Troubles digestifs à 3 mois.
Vitiligo.
Règles et vasculotropes.
Look Latino.
L' attaque de paniqueL'attaque de panique n'est pas une pathologie en elle-même. Il s'agit d'un état transitoire qui peut ne jamais se répéter.
Question de quantité !
Traitement des angiomes cérébraux.
Impatience à être enceinte.
15 Signs of Potassium Deficiency (hint: these look a lot like low thyroid symptoms...) | Butter Nutrition
La rentrée approche et avec elle l’odeur des cahiers neufs, l’hésitation sur la tenue à choisir, la joie de retrouver ses copains et l’excitation du matin du jour J...
Pumpkin-Spiced Shortbread  with Apple Cider Buttercream - crisp, buttery…
Bonne idée : une millefeuille avec des pancakes et de la crème dessert fouettée ! Plus de recettes avec de la crème dessert sur aufeminin
Chocolate Peanut Butter Cupcakes
Frites de patate douce à cuire au four pour moins de matière grasse, à servir à l'apéritif avec un  bon guacamole maison
Free Martha Stewart Measurement Guides printable!
Le Fantasy Bra, le soutien-gorge bijou le plus cher, Victoria Secret
Des conseils de pro pour réussir son sapin de Noël !
Recettes détournées : menu complet avec des recettes classiques revisitées
Les Clyde "Suit" léo ou zebre
Bola de grossesse : Un bijoux tout doux qui embellira votre bidon tout rond et dont le son calmera votre bébé après sa naissance. Collier bola plaqué en or jaune. 195 €
Tips for pictures of kids
10 tooth fairy ideas!
Slow Cooker Ham & White beans, served with corn bread
Families Are Forever Sign- an easy, thoughtful wedding or shower gift.
Cute idea! Write love letters to him in a journal throughout the engagement and give it to him on wedding day.
adorable and colorful little girls room
Banana Split Pudding Cookies
How to give your Photos that "Extra Little Something" using Picmonkey
Strawberry Pineapple Slush
44 Slow Cooker #Recipes with 4 Ingredients or Less
Cookie Bowls - bake, then fill with ice cream
The No. 1 Secret to a Happy Marriage
How cute is this?! Thanksgiving pictionary for kids! Perfect to keep them occupied while Thanksgiving dinner is cooking, or to play as a family. Full tutorial over at Somewhat Simple.
Leftover Thanksgiving Turkey Pot Pie @Trent Butts-Ah Rhee
Canvas photo wall over crib is adorable!
The Best In Hello Kitty
{Recipe} White Chocolate Twix Cupcakes by JavaCupcake.com
orange, carrot, ginger juice
grilled chicken salad sandwich
I got #RealPersonal with NeNe & Gregg Leakes last week in NYC.  Check out the details #PersonalShopper
ten chicken recipes you're family will love! #dinnerideas
I love this intimate twist to one of my favorite posts, Seven Days of SEXY Love.
How to make your own darling pregnancy journal
These fun and easy DIY photo bookmarks would make a great Mother's Day gift! My kids loved posing as if they were hanging on for dear life! :) #mothersday #bookmarks #DIY #craft #harvardhomemaker
Triple Chocolate Layer Cake. Perfect for birthdays or really any occasion
Fresh strawberry cake with strawberry buttercream from The Baker Upstairs. This beautiful cake is easy to make and so delicious! www.thebakerupstairs.com
playhouses that you can make
Skinny Enchiladas! Only 150 calories! Weight Watchers PointsPlus: 4. These are so good, I highly recommend this! My husband and I just gobbled them up! At 4 points each...bring it!
DIY Upholstered Headboard
LOVE all of these free back to school printables!
Kmart: Back to School Sale 17 items including a backpack for only $8.75 before tax (starts 8/10)
These mint brownie cookies couldn't be much easier. They're made with a simple brownie mix and a couple extra ingredients, topped with a divine minty frosting. You'll love them! #lmldfood
breakfast pumpkin recipes
Chocolate Chip Cookies for Two. The perfect cookie recipe that makes just 4 cookies for you, or to share.
One hour orange rolls - so gooey and delicious! www.thebakerupstairs.com
Kids are less bored and keep their attention longer if their toy options are limited. Simplify their life (and yours) by starting a toy rotation
Peppermint Cheesecake Cookies -  a sweet and festive holiday treat { lilluna.com }
do the "dishes" an easy and inexpensive neighbor gift
25 one pot meals
Stressed about how to keep all the winter germs away from your newborn? Here are 10 tips to help you in your quest to keep your newborn healthy this winter.
Skinny Texas Cheese Fries | The NY Melrose Family
Superbowl food
How to Make Cannoli Cream - Cannoli is the perfect dessert for Spring and Easter! | www.foodfolksandfun.net | #SpringEats
Gold Mini Birthday Bunting
DIY Rocket Pops. A healthy version and a not-quite-as-healthy version :)
Arugula Pecorino and Red Wine Vinaigrette Salad; Be an Italian Grandma Part 3
Creamy tomato soup and toasted cheese from The Baker Upstairs. A delicious and flavorful soup that comes together in just a few minutes! www.thebakerupstairs.com
Steak and Veggie Stir Fry Rice Bowl - This delicious stir fry is filled with tender flank steak, broccoli, snow peas and peppers, and topped with a homemade Teriyaki Sauce made with SPLENDA® Sweeteners #SplendaSweeties #SweetSwap #ad
the best homemade french bread recipe + step by step photo directions on how to make
No candy corn required for these luscious chocolate pudding pops. We used red and yellow food coloring for the desired effect.
An Applebee's copy-cat salad! Thai Shrimp Salad
Holiday Tipping Guide
Is your home overflowing with CDs and DVDs you never use? Learn how to choose which ones to keep and how to store them.
Quick and easy peppermint chocolate chip cheesecake bars featuring a buttery crust, silky cheesecake filling dotted with mini chocolate chips and a rich chocolate ganache with crushed candy cane on top! A scrumptious treat dressed up for your holiday table!
Funko Pop! Lucas Films Star Wars Princess Leia Vinyl Bobble Head - Walmart.com
Turtle Thumbprint Cookies – Tastes Better From Scratch
Chewy Sugar Cookies Recipe | ©addapinch.com
Pumpkin-Apple Breakfast Smoothie - a healthy fall smoothie! | Kristine's Kitchen
Chinese Egg Drop Soup - get the recipe at barefeetinthekitchen.com
Skillet Burritos | www.diethood.com | One-Skillet dinner ready in 30-minutes, combining all your favorite Mexican flavors!
Did you know that who you are inside should have a bigger impact on what you wear than your skin color, hair color, or body type? Come see why everything we've been taught about fashion is wrong.
Nature suncatcher wind chimes hung up
marshmallow-icing
Fingerprint Comics | Fireflies and Mud Pies
"Why, hello there." #WetNoseWednesday
5 second iced coffee
Broccoli and Cauliflower Cheese Bake
Great Composers: Pyotr Tchaikovsky - Teacher Book Bag | Lapbooks | Unit Studies | Copywork with a Purpose | Music: Great Composers | CurrClick
Chicken and Tortilla Enchilada Bake
How to make a Princess Doll Cake - and easy process that just takes time but it will be the hit of the party!
Real strawberries are the star in this ice cream enhanced with ribbons of white chocolate. A flavor combination you don't want to miss!
Lion House Rolls! These rolls are delicious and perfect for any occasion!
A fudgy mint brownie spread with a fluffy, mint buttercream and a rich, smooth chocolate ganache.
BBQ Chicken French Bread Pizza - Somewhat Simple
Watermelon on a Stick - Somewhat Simple
Tortellini Apple Salad - Easy Summer Recipe
Silk Crème Moisturizing Photo Edition Foundation - Laura Mercier | Sephora
Sunday dinner just got awesome! Try this impressive stuffed meatloaf and you'll never make ordinary meatloaf again!
Lemon Poke Cake - This cake is perfectly refreshing. Its filled with lemon curd and topped with creamy whipped cream for the perfect spring or summer dessert!
A California road trip itinerary that's perfect for a long weekend! The Majestic Mountain Loop passes through Yosemite, Sequoia, and Kings Canyon national parks.
July Gardening To Do List, so you can easily keep up with your garden! Because you're busy and need one less thing to think about!
Want a candy-like snack that's totally healthy? Try these baked apple chips. Super easy to make! | Je suis alimentageuse | #sponsored…
With the right tools and ingredients, anyone can make waffle cones and bowls at home! This step-by-step tutorial with pictures shows you exactly how to get light, crispy bowls and cones, perfect for holding your favorite ice cream!
Easy Banana Cinnamon Pancakes drizzled with honey. Make a bunch of these for breakfast on the weekend and the kids can have them again before school during the week!
anti pickpocket bag
DIY Spider Web Yarn Craft  on thecraftingchicks.com
Pierogi Stuffed Shells Casserole -- Made with cheddar mashed potatoes, pasta shells and cheese, it's comfort food that tastes like pierogi without the work! AD
Do people tell you to smile more? Do you worry that you might be too critical? Do you feel uncomfortable in large groups? You could be a Type 4 Woman with many gifts and talents you are unaware of! Read now to learn truths that could change your life!
Samoas Copy Cat Recipe - Just like the Girl Scout cookie in an easy to make bar! @backforseconds #girlscoutcookie #samoas #dessert
This slow cooker chicken tortilla soup makes a healthy and gluten free dinner that can be made easily during a busy week!
Cauliflower Fritters
Bounce- 1. It will chase ants away when you lay a sheet near them. It also repels mice.  2. Spread sheets around foundation areas, or in trailers, or cars that are sitting and it keeps mice from entering your vehicle.   3. It takes the odor out of books and photo albums that don't get opened too often.   4. It repels mosquitoes. Tie a sheet of Bounce through a belt loop when outdoors during mosquito season.   5. Eliminate static electricity from your television (or computer) screen.  6. Since...
Lettuce wraps with spicy peanut sauce - healthy!
LOVE this idea for the first morning of the return of the Elf, swimming in a sink of mini marshmallows, and a bowl of powdered donuts for breakfast with a little treat for the kids, and of course the Elf on a Shelf book to read!
Chunks of lean pork, slow cooked in the crock pot with tomatoes, green chiles and jalapeño – Delicious weeknight meal with a little bit of heat!
Skinny Buffalo Chicken Strips. I love anything buffalo.
Dear Doctor who doesn't understand "diastasis recti," please learn how to check me correctly and please stop telling me I need you to cut me further apart!
This is NOT a before/after pic but rather a demonstration of a muscle you don't know about! Find out How to Lose Your Mummy Tummy. And Why Crunches are BAD for you. Yes--I said BAD for you.
Fit2B™ Kids - Many great home fitness titles for your kids to choose from, so they can have a quick turn before you get your workout! #fit2b #tummysafe
Homemade Bleach with peroxide, vinegar and essential oils!
27 reasons why it's great to have senior saints online
10 things you didn't know about vaginas
Keep the bugs away with lemon balm!
Is You Middle All Muddled?  Fit2b.com
How Our Family of 7 Keeps Up with Dishes Without a Dishwasher... Great plan for when you have to hand wash lots of dishes!
To the heartbroken woman walking through miscarriage...
5 Fast Dinners Using Pantry Staples via @PureWow
Chicken Parmesan Pizza | by Life Tastes Good tastes just like the classic Italian dish typically served over pasta, but I'm putting it on pizza dough today! From the fresh breadcrumbs to the homemade tomato sauce, this pizza is layered with fabulous Italian flavors for maximum flavor! #LTGRecipes
26 Days of Fall Fashion Review
Pretzel Toffee recipe
Ends 11/2 being MVP: Puppy Love | Operation Rescute + #Giveaway
5 minutes of fitness - fit2b.us
20 Stylish Wedding Guest Looks We’re Pinning Right Now - Wedding Party
Calm ChildThe founders of Fit2B use them on themselves and their families during times of chaos and stress. Just roll this calming blend of essential oils pre-mixed in fractionated coconut oil onto your inner wrists and neck, and …AAaah!  “This blend allowed my exhausted, cranky kids (8 & 5) to wind down and nap on a road trip! They haven’t slept in the car in years!” -Beth Learn, founder of fit2b.com
Peanut Butter Cup Stuffed Brownie Cupcakes
These Crockpot Chicken and Noodles recipe takes less than then minutes to prepare and is perfect comfort food!
Holiday Ranch Cheese Ball
These Cream Cheese cookies are super simple to make, are light and so delicious that it's easy to eat more than one!
10 Toddler Breakfast Ideas
EO dilution chart
chocolate covered strawberry brownies - paleo/gf
Chai French Toast.
Beach cover up hoodie
Prêt-à-Powder - Bumble and bumble | Sephora
Grain-Free-Flax-Seed-Tortillas-9
Running with a weak dysfunctional core will make diastasis recti and pelvic floor issues worse!
5 Little Fitness Things to {NOT} Obsess About - fit2b.com
Flourless Chocolate Caramel Cake
Marinated Pork Chops
What are Fermented Foods? Should You Eat Them? - Fit2b.com
Random Thoughts of  Beth:  Bed Rest,Solar Jars, Surgeries and Windows- Fit2B.com
Street of Dreams Farmhouse Kitchen - The Inspired Room
Dear Mom, I know you are upset with the way your belly looks and feels...but there is HOPE - Fit2b.us
Salmon Patties! A quick and EASY, budget-friendly recipe using canned salmon, bread, green onion, dill, bell pepper, egg, lemon, and paprika. Perfect for a midweek meal! Kid-friendly too. On Simply Recipes.com
Recipe for incredible Pumpin Cobbler that makes its own caramel cinnamon sauce…
Find the best books for kids ages 8-12 (grades 4-6). Book ideas for girls and boys. Summer reading list! Realistic & historical fiction, fantasy, mystery.
31 Crockpot Freezer Meals for Back-to-School
kiwi heart
this is spring
<3
30 One-Step {Crockpot} Meals - awesome recipes here!!
DIY Gestrickte Kissen {was eigenes} DIY knitted pillows
Learn calligraphy!
Basket
patchwork pillow / triangles / Kissen
Instagram Polaroid Coasters
. No instructions. But so cute and a possible DIY.
Crazy for cards!
Honolulu Cooler drink reicpe: Southern Comfort, lime, pineapple
tomato chips4 (1 of 1)
A zippered, lined tote bag for you to sew. DIY step-by-step tutorial. Симпатичная сумочка на молнии. Шьем сами. http://www.handmadiya.com/2015/09/cute-zipper-bag-tutorial.html
Using Pinterest For Your Small Business http://jamiedelaineblog.com/post/25602/using-pinterest-for-your-small-business/
2-Ingredient Creamy Salsa Dip - literally takes 1 minute to make! I am totally addicted to this dip!!Pair with some José Olé frozen snacks for an easy tailgating feast! Also great on a salad or on top of a baked potato.
Korean Grilled Chicken Breasts
how to make a pinecone turkey #turkey #craft #thanksgiving #fall
Our favorite side dish - Brown Sugar Glazed Carrots!!
Moller Barnekow. The most elegant sandwich wrap.
Clouds & star pillows - cute for kids room
Simpel en leuk
COME ONE…COME ALL…THE CIRCUS IS HERE! | CatchMyParty.com
Cranberry raspberry holiday punch recipe, a great drink for holiday parties!
kitchen pendant - Google Search
Gingerbread Christmas Trees
Roasted Chopped Beet Salad with Feta and Lemon Zest Vinaigrette on @whiteonrice
Bali Trip Map Illustration on Behance
The Ultimate Guide to Dog Birthday Cake Recipes by IrresistiblePets.com
fig and yOgurt cake
Stripe cable sweater.
Simple Minky Baby Blanket - Happy Hour Projects
Pepita Tasche farbenmix Ebook nähen Anleitung
Black Synthetic Leather Tiny TOMS Paseos | TOMS
Basement Brownies 1
Dior - Dior Addict Gloss  in 863 Incroyable #sephora
Top 20 Unique Wedding Backdrop Ideas | Bridal Musings
DIY Heart-Shaped Bokeh (Light Blur Photography) Tutorial
Wachseier in Kokosmantel
These healthy blueberry muffins are made with whole wheat flour and oatmeal for added nutrition, but they still taste as good as the original version!
Baked Garlic Parmesan Chicken
Lemon Blackberry Breakfast Cookies are dairy, egg, and gluten free! | iowagirleats.com
Brilliant Advice From a Barefoot Comedian
How to make a DIY Chalkboard from an old picture frame
One Pot Mediterranean Quinoa - so easy, super healthy , fresh and crazy delicious too!
Not your typical scones served with tea, this German Scones Recipe is deep fried dough that is served with Cinnamon Honey Butter.
Nutella & Raspberry Crescents
This EASY DIY Pina Colada Coconut Sugar Scrub Recipe will transport you to the tropics with the scent of pineapple and coconuts! It's a FABULOUS way to moisturize and get rid of dry flaky skin! Great gift idea! www.settingforfour.com
Rezept Rhabarber Tiramisu | waseigenes.com
Slow Cooker Beefy Mac - A super simple, super delicious, hearty meal that the whole family will love!
Coconut Cream Poke Cake recipe is perfect for a brunch, potluck or a sweet…
Gingerbread cake with cinnamon cream cheese frosting
DIY Aromatherapy Candles
French Toast in a Mug - 2 steps 1 dish - ready in 5 minutes
Pink Cloud
Kahlua-Pecan-Brown Sugar Baked Brie, the perfect appetizer for your next gathering from NoblePig.com
Slow Cooker Pumpkin Apple Cinnamon Cake #slowcooker #crockpot #cake #pumpkin #applecinnamon
Noordwijk 2016 waseigenes.com | Winter Lodge Branding Beach Club
Beautiful pocket rocket.
Peco Trading Jacket: For the past 35 years, the vast majority of the colorful jackets worn by the traders on the floors of the NYSE and the CME have been made by Peco. You can order your very own "Customized Jacket for Your Own Identity".
Photo Pillow: Print your own photos on fabric at home with a store-bought solution and make custom pillows.
Coffee Cup Bike Rack - David Byrne: One of the collection of bike racks designed by David Byrne and installed in NYC.
Create a Formal Topiary: How to maintain a Simple Pyramidal Shape
And yes, I'm very proud of my big brother for picking out this gorgeous ring--don't you love it?
Hold Up Suspenders: An old Iowa farmer told me about these suspenders with the patented grip guaranteed not to slip. Available in 210 styles for men and women.
Bolivia Salt Flats: Salar de Uyuni-Bolivia, the world's largest salt flat (4.086 sq. mi.) at the crest of the Andes, contains 50 - 70% of the world's lithium.)
Do Nothing Orange by Simon Oxley : signed print measuring 29.7 x 42 cm.
Pin a post it note and highlight with a "colored tack" !
If I had a time machine I would incorporate this in my wedding.
Zipfly Mini Luge: Made of high density polyethylene with a vinyl seat for ages 5 and up. $40.
Hut-Hut by Kalon Studios is a rocking stool. Available in adult and child sizes in a variety of natural wood. $1,595 #Rocking_Stool #Kalon_Studios
Prism Designs Flip Kite: As stable as a traditional kite with a rotor which spins when you tug on the line. Great idea! $26
Sleepy Pod Portable Pet Bag: Available in a variety of colors and sizes 
No Bake Peanut Butter Pie by Joy the Baker: This looks seriously scrumptious.
Kitchen Gin by Ian Knauer #Gin #Ian_Knauer
Floating Lily Hanging Mobile: To be viewed from below or at eye level. Perfect for a nursery.
Combination Wrench: Check out Craftsman Cross-Force Combination Wrenches which are easier on the hand. http://tinyurl.com/2vz4j7t
Hornet One-Wheel by Liam Ferguson: Concept design for a One-Wheel Superbike powered by dual 74 hp in-wheel hydrogen fuel-cell six-phase Nd-Fe electric allowing it to achieve a top speed of 235km/hr. I would definitely like one.
Felted Pleated Bag by Lion Brand Yarns
The Wave Hammock by Erik Nyberg and Gustav StromBed: Idyllic! $26, 017 (For that price, maybe it comes with the location. )
http://tinyurl.com/2gy28um
Roasted Golden Beet Salad: With goat cheese, almonds and dried cranberries.
Steamed Prawns with Tofu & Glass Noodles: Serve piping hot!
Bay Street Quinn Bike Bag by Kate Spade: Leather bag with clips to fasten to your bike. $375 #Kate_Spade #Bike_Bag
Waxwear Travel Kit: Classically made of cotton canvas soaked in paraffin with leather trim, wire frame mouth and a waterproof interior. $155.
Boattail Racer: Gorgeous! $350
Donald J Pliner Eda: B/W Nappa with twisted cutouts. On sale: $137.85 #Shoes #Donald_Pliner
Cool Hand Luke by mattranzetta: Available as a card or a print. #Illustration #mattranzetta
ECA/OAI Office Building by Personeni 
Raffaele Schärer Architects #Architecture #Personeni_Raffaele_Scharer_Architects
Myopic Books in Providence, RI is a charming used and rare book stores for satisfying and peaceful browsing. #Myopic_Books #Providence_RI #Bookstore  Photo by boliyou
Finger Ring by calourette: Made of silver and enamel. Also available in black. 95 € #Ring #Finger_Ring #calourette #Marianne_Rautureau #Jewelry
dotty
Divers by Jing Wei, a Chinese-born illustrator and printmaker residing in Brooklyn. #Illustration #Jing_Wei
Brutsch Mopetta: Thanks to @ Stephen Wood !http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Br%C3%BCtsch_Mopetta  
#Cars #Microcar #Brutsch_Mopetta
Submerged Ornaments with Floating Candles. 
Baking Sheet Macaroni and Cheese by food52 who recommends fighting for the corner because it's worth it : ) #Macaroni_Cheese #food52
FTC x Chrome #Bicycle #FTC
Poconos Sweater Leggings by freepeople #Leggings #freepeople
Tomato Sauce with Onion and Butter by smittenkitchen: Welcome after all the feasting.  #Tomato_Sauce #smittenkitchen
Suspended Meeting Room by Schmidt Hammer Lassen Architect via cubeme #Schmidt_Hammer_Lassen #Meeting_Room #Architecture #cubeme
Chicken Enchiladas Recipe from America's Test Kitchen Healthy Family Cookbook by accidentalmommies #Chicken_Enchiladas  #Americas_Test_Kitchen #accidentalmommies
I like this alot more by hyperboleandahalf: I like this a lot. #Alot #A_lot #hyperboleandahalf #Grammar
Eames Chair by ilovedust: http://tinyurl.com/18r   #Chair #Eames #ilovedust
Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish. was the farewell message on the back cover of The Whole Earth Catalog and was a mantra for Steve Jobs.  #Whole_Earth_Catalog #Steve_Jobs
Teacup Candle by Milk Design: All wax! #Candle #Teacup_Candle #Design_Milk
Morphology of a Snowflake by Kenneth Libbrecht via scientificamerican http://tinyurl.com/7j45  http://pinterest.com/pin/2814818487031178/#Snowflake #Kenneth_Libbrecht
Frozen Boats by Yann Le Biannic
How to Make a Water Bamboo Hammer by gardenersworld. #Water_Bamboo_Hammer #gardenersworld
Palm fronds recycled as do-it-yourself succulent centerpiece by Jill McArthur via latimes #Succulents #Jill_McArthur #Palm_Fronds #latimes
Under Sink Storage by jengrantmorris.blogspot: Love the tension rod for hanging the spray bottles! #Storage #Under_Sink_Storage #jengrantmorris_blogspot
The Best Veggie Moussaka by thehealthyfoodie #Veggie #Mousaka #thehealthyfoodie
The oikostegi, a green roof on the Treasury building in Athens by Andrew Michael Clements, wikipedia #Green_Roof #Andrew_Michael_Clements #Athens #wikipedia
Another pinner said: This kept my 2 year busy for an entire hour and my 4 year old busy for 2 hours! YAY! Drop vinegar tinted with food coloring onto a pan filled with baking soda.  Sheer minutes of colorful fizzy fun!"
Spinach, Sundried Tomatoes and Feta Frittata Bites by thehealthyfoodie #Frittata #Tomatoes #Feta #thehealthyfoodie
Spiced Rhubarb Soda by tastingtable. Recipe from Erin Till, The Libertine, Indianapolis #Rhubarb_Soda #tastingtable #Erin_Till #The_Libertine
The Very Best Fruit Crisp by AppleAnnie by food52 #Fruit_Crisp #AppleAnnie #food52
Iowa Summer! #Iowa
Green Peas and Walnut Dip by Ewa Björling, blogs.sweden.se #Appetizers #Peas #Walnuts #Eba_Bjorling #blogs_sweden_se
Origami Elephant by howaboutorange: Adorable! Click through to view the YouTube video by Jo Nakashima. #Origami #Elephant #howaboutorange #Jo_Nakashima
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama watch the fireworks over the National Mall from the White House on July 4, 2009. by Pete Souza via timpanogos.wordpress.com  #Obamas #4th_of_July #Pete_Souza #tmpanogos_wordpress
Beet Ice Cream with Mascarpone, Orange Zest, and Poppy Seeds by saveur.com #Ice_Cream #Beet
How to Make Glowing Photo Spheres by photojojo #DIY #Photo_Spheres #photojojo
Trail Mix Freezer Cookies by thecuttingedgeofordinary as adapted from William Sonoma Family Meals: Tuck them frozen into a school lunch sack where they'll be thawed by lunchtime and keep the sandwich cool too!  #Freezer_Cookies #Trail_Mix #thecuttingedgeofordinary
Spooky Ghost Ceramic Salt and Pepper Pots by FoxandThomas #Ghost #Alt_&_Pepper
Lille Huset by growbookspress.wordpress.com: A series of flatpack dollhouses made of laser cut recycled paper board, easily assembled and meant to be played with and custom decorated or not! #Doll_House #Lille_Huset #growbookspress
Japanese Style Grilled Eggplant by foodrepublik #Eggplant #Japanese #foodrepublik
Panda Smile on Your Face Mug Set from ModCloth #Kids #Panda #Dinnerware #ModCloth
DIY Baby Name Photo Art by linesacross: Make simple, childlike letters out of Play-doh and shoot from different angles!  #DIY #Baby_Name #Photography #linesacross
~` clever . popsicle stick gift tags . imagine if you painted them gold or silver `~
Roasted Apple & Squash Soup by Michele Kayal, npr as adapted from Jamie Oliver: Apple and butternut squash is a common combination, but this soup, adapted from Jamie Oliver's Great Britain (Hyperion 2012), achieves unusually complex flavors by roasting the ingredients before they hit the blender. Delicious hot or cold. #Soup #Apple #Butternut_Squash #npr #Michele_Kayal #Jamie_Oliver
Ombre Pumpkin by bobvila #Pumpkin #No_Carve #Ombre #bobvila
40 Things To Say Before You Die by Jessica Hagy, Forbes: More important than being right, or being important, is being truly aware. Jessica Hagy shares some short sentences and illustrates why they are important. #Life #Truths #Jessica_Hagy
Keoke coffee and mocha almond fudge.
Sclerocactus_glaucus_SB1749_De_Beque_Colorado_spines by cactus-art: Beautiful spines!  Difficult cactus to grow. #Cactus
Fall Mexican Rice Bowls by goodlifeeats #Rice_Bowl #Mexican
9 year old Sam(antha) Gordon plays tackle football and is is amazingly fast! She scored 35 times and ran for 1,911 yards, averaging 8.2 yards per carry. Here is the link to the new video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AkQFpimCN0  #Sam_Gordon #Football #Girl
Balancing Bird!  #Toys #Science
The Crayon Bow - Crayola Color Chart, 1903-2010 by Stephen Von Worley: With mouse over to see the modern crayon names!  #Crayon #Infographic #Stephen_Von_Worley
Brown Butter Garden Veggie Pasta by howsweeteats #Pasta #Veggie #Browon_Butter
Giant Rice Krispie Hershey's Kiss...awesome idea:)
apron from a pillowcase
Pasta Salad with Apple Chive Dressing by tartineandapronstrings #Salad #Pasta
Dark Chocolate Espresso Cake by anediblemosaic #Cake #Chocolate #Espresso
Night Sky Brightness Comparison Nomogram by H. Spoelstra via astronomic.blogspot  #Infographic #Light_Pollution
El Homer ...via daylol #Homer
Splendid Chromodoris by Dermal Denticles#Nudibranch
Moroccan Sirloin w/ Fig-Pistachio Butter and Sweet Potato Homefries by clothesmakethegirl: Winner of the Paleo Recipe Sous Vide Showdown! #Beef #Fig #Pistachio #Sous_Vide
DIY Making Crayons by makeit-loveit: Easy repurpose of old crayons! #DIY #Crayons #Repurpose
Scallop Carpaccio Recipe: Pantone Warm Bray 1C by Ani Tzenkova  #Scallops
Honey Brown Sugar Scrub by apumpkinandaprincess #DIY #Sugar_Scrub
Sweet Potato Hedgehogs: Made with mashed sweet potato, butter, milk and sesame seeds for eyesl Find the recipe here http://lovexxbite.exblog.jp/18896089/  #Hedgehog #Sweet_Potato
Game of Thrones Direwolves  Tee by FencingNArchery #Tee_Shirt #Game_of_Thrones #Typography
Where to Share Your Photos by photojojo: A great overview of where to share your perfect shots according to interest.  #Photography_Communities #Photo_Sharing
DIY Mini Vertical Garden in Upcycled Vintage Print Drawers by Stephanie Van Dyke, houzz. #DIY #Vertical_Garden #Print_Drawers #Upcpycle
Pick three plants. Repeat. You can't go wrong. by karensgardenadventures #Garden
Magnetic Putty Magic by Joey Shanks,  PBS Digital Studios: This moldable putty which contains micron-sized bits of iron takes on the properties of a magnet itself when placed in close contact with a strong (ex- rare earth)  magnet. #Magnet #Magnetic_Putty
Resurrect Greens in Water by VeganYumYum via the kitchn: Resurrect wilted fresh greens by plunking them in a glass of water. We knew that this worked, but this series of images captures it dramatically! #Greens
Vintage Silver Fork Cheese Markers: Know your cheese! Made from vintage forks, hammered and polished. #Party #Cheese_Markers
One Pot Wonder Tomato Basil by apronstringsblog: Need an idea for dinner tonight? This one pot wonder basil pasta recipe looks stellar (and vegetarian, too). #Pasta #Tomato #Basil #One_Hot
1 to 100 Years Project from Edouard Janssens: Finished in May 2012, the project consisted of photographing 100 women and 100 men, aged from 1 to 100, to show the ageing process in a positive manner and to visualize the continuous link between generations. The smile and their looks that have so much to tell us are the key points of this big gallery. Participants were not chosen, they just registered on the project’s website. #Photography #1_to_100_Years_Project #Edouard_Janssens
Poached Salmon Niçoise by myrecipes #Salad #Nicoise #Salmon
Chocolate Banana Cashew Smoothie by fitsugar: PMS symptom smoother! #Smoothie #Choclate #Banana #Cashew #PMS
Ben the Dachshund by balloons.com: This walking pet balloon filled with helium glides in the air but is grounded by its weighted little paws.  Ready for fun on its ribbon leash! #Balloon #Pet_Balloon #Dachshund
Iced Chocolate bytasteandtell: Decadent and perfect for summer, this chocolate drink is perfect for company or just for a summer night. #Beverage #Chocolate
Spiralizing for Dummies & A Quick Sun-Dried Tomato Sauce with Butternut Squash "Pasta" by barerootgirl #Pasta #Squash #Healthy
Chicken Pot Pie Crumble by cookingclassy #Pot_Pie #Chicken
Papaya Breakfast Boat by love cupcakesblog #Papaya
Yoga Pants by Sara Zimmerman, unearthedcomics  #Illustration#Cartoon #Humor #Yoga
Do your kids get along?  How do you promote sibling love and respect?  MOMS give 17 great tips for promoting a positive sibling relationship between your kids at B-InspiredMama.com!
Southwest Chicken Salad with Healthy Avocado Buttermilk Dressing by cookingforkeeps #Salad #Chicken #Southwest #Avocado #Buttermilk #Healthy
Buddhist Monks from the Shasta Abbey Monastery in Mt. Shasta, California walk the monthly Alms Round. by Roland Portillo http://www.shastaabbey.org/ #Buddhism #Shasta_Abbey #California
These tape resist candy canes are a great project for kids of all ages.  Hang 'em in your window, on your mantle or on your tree... My kids ask for this one every year!
Tiny Supernova Earrings by Vale Jewelry #Jewelry #Earrings #Tiny
Fritillaria meleagris by Stern Porse, wikimedia: Fritillaria is a genus of bulbous plants in the family Liliaceae, native to temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere, especially the Mediterranean, southwest Asia, and western North America. The name is derived from the Latin term for a dice-box (fritillus),and probably refers to the checkered pattern of the flowers of many species.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fritillaria #Flower #Fritillaria
Great list - Plant a Kiss is one of our all time favorites!
Random acts of kindness kids can do!
Fully-loaded Spring Samosas by mynewroots #Samosas
Spatial, Written Language Skills Predict Math Competence by Society for Research in Child Development via sciencedaily: New longitudinal research from Finland has found that children's early spatial skills and knowledge of written letters, rather than oral language skills, predict competence in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. #Education #Spatial_Skills #Written_Language #Math #Science #Engineering
Clean Eating Green Tea Mango Smoothie by thegraciouspantry #Smoothie #Green_Tea #Mango #Healthy
Ideal Bookshelf by Jane Mount #Illustration #Books #Kids
Veggie Cassoulet by cookingontheweekends: A completely nontraditional Cassoulet -- vegetarian and full of unbelievably rich, delicious flavors. #Cassoulet #Veggie #Healthy
Glad to find this...those things are HARD to take apart!   Pallet Tutorial - How to quickly and easily disassemble a pallet in minutes. #pallet
Making Up-cycled Planters for Earth Day - My kids are gonna love cutting apart the bottles and adding the goggley eyes
Explosions In The Sky- Your Hand In Mine - YouTube #Music #Post_Rock #Explosions_in_the_Sky
Roasted Strawberry Rhubarb Buttermilk Ice Cream by dinnerwasdelicious #Ice_Cream #Buttermilk #Strawberry #Rhubarb
Paleo Zucchini Pasta with Shrimp and Pesto by garlicmysoul #Zucchini_Pasta #Shrimp #Healthy
Neopolitan Ice Cream Cake by heatherchristo #Cake #Ice_Cream
Why Listening Is So Much More Than Hearing by Seth S. Horowitz, nytimes #Listening #Hearing #Neuroscience
Honey Soy Turkey Lettuce Wrap by haw-happilyeverhealthy #Wraps #Lettuce #Turkey #Honey #Soy #Healthy
Grilled Balsamic Peaches by afamilyfeast #Peaches #Balsamic #Healthy
Tree-Grown-Chair by Peter Cook via chairblog.eu
Mirror Symmetry Drawing by housingaforest #Kids #Drawing
Decorate with wooden letters
How to Make Coffee Ground Soap
Orange Caterpillar by tablespoon #Orange #How_to_Peel
"Sometimes being a big brother is even better than being a superhero" by iheartnaptime: Free download. #Illustration #Printable #Big_Brother #Superhero
Biscoff Crunch Banana Bread by tablefortwo #Banana_Bread #Biscoff
succulents
♥♡ sleigh bells
kerstbal
Three kinds of Reese's candies and cereal make this snack mix an amazing treat!  It always disappears in a day in our house!
A Look at My (DIY) Weekend - Home - Creature Comforts - daily inspiration, style, diy projects + freebies
30+Gorgeous+Lace+Sleeve+Wedding+Dresses
Crock Pot Apple Pudding Cake
30+ Fabulous and Free Crochet Scarf Patterns -Flamingo Toes
These crockpot spare ribs can honestly pass for ribs from the BBQ. My husband was shocked by this crockpot rib recipe!
How to make salt dough ornaments - they're so easy and fun for kids!
Christmas Centerpiece: Candycane Roses #EasyDIY #giftidea
Cracked Out Chicken Noodle Casserole Recipe - chicken, noodles, chicken soup, cheddar, bacon, Ranch and sour cream, topped with crushed Fritos. THE BEST chicken casserole. We eat this at least once a month. Everyone loves it!
Glass Stained Window Ornaments Kids Craft Decorations
How to put lights on a Christmas tree so it glows! Genius!
Roasted Butternut Squash with Pesto by fooddonelight: Roasting butternut squash bring out its natural sweetness. Stir in some basil pesto for scrumptiously, healthy flavor. #Butternut_Squash #Basil_Pesto
Folded Tree tutorial
living_cookiecutter_ornaments
Christmas wrapping ideas.
christmas ornaments
OMGosh! Hilarious White Elephant ideas GALORE! I need this next week! www.TheDatingDivas.com #whiteelephant #hilariousgiftideas #diywhiteelephant
Christmas Rudolph - Felt Decoration £3.99 Could totally make this yourself for super cheap!
Unique Santa Hats for the Whole Family! by Margie Sarrao on Etsy--Pinned with TreasuryPin.com
brown paper package, black ribbon, and a juniper branch.
diy christmas tree
Instructions for making paper stars. Lovey and simple. These would look great on a garland.
Easy Chocolate Fudge ~ Sometimes the simplest recipes yield the richest results. This glossy combination of chocolate morsels and sweetened condensed milk is even better embellished with vanilla and chopped nuts.
101 Cheap Stocking Stuffer Ideas -- all less than $1!
Christmas tree
If you're organizing a birthday party for your little one and need help finding the perfect games for kids to keep your guests happy, this collection of 25 ridiculously fun birthday party games for kids is a great place to start! There are so many fabulous birthday ideas for all ages in this list, and these games make great boredom busters for cold winter days!
Painted Ornament
▶ DIY Christmas Decorations | How To Make Alcohol Ink Stamped Christmas Decorations - YouTube
These stenciled sidewalk chalk Christmas lights are so easy to make, and the effect is SO COOL! It looks just like the light bulbs are glowing in the dark!
Boston Cream Pie Poke Cake - Crowd-pleasing cake filled with vanilla pudding and sweetened condensed milk and topped with a homemade chocolate frosting!!
Egg Roll Stir-Fry: all the flavor of an egg roll without the wrapper! Like an unstuffed egg roll in a bowl. So delicious!
Handmade Gold Sequin and Light Burlap by SouthernRoseDesign
monster-printables
Crock Pot Chicken Taco Chili | Skinnytaste
Spinach Artichoke Hand Pies | from willcookforsmiles.com #snack #pie #hotpocket
21 Laundry Rooms That Will Make You Want to Do Laundry
Flourless Peanut Butter Banana Muffins- made without dairy, gluten, oil OR refined sugar + one muffin has as much protein as an egg! So moist and delicious, you would never guess that they’re healthy!
Grilled Veggie Cauliflower Pizza with Greek Yogurt Pesto - Low carb, high protein, meatless and under 350 calories! Learn the secret to cauliflower crust that doesn’t get soggy! | FoodFaithFitness.com | @FoodFaithFit
22 Classy Art Nouveau Interior Design Ideas
Broccoli Slaw and Kale Salad with Chicken - Tossed in a sweet and spicy dressing. This vegetable and protein packed recipe is a light and delicious meal! | jessicagavin.com
Swirled rose cakes are probably one of the easiest cakes to decorate with BEAUTIFUL results. This tutorial provides you with some tips for perfect results!
Mozzarella, Pepperoni & Olive Bites
BAHN MI Spring Rolls in just 10 ingredients! So HEALTHY, fresh and satisfying #vegan #glutenfree
Chicken Soup - this low carb soup is tasty, hearty and comforting without all the guilt.
Old Fashioned Blue Ribbon Pound Cake recipe is tall, buttery, moist, &…
One of my favorite things about fall are all of the apples! We go apple picking and bring home bags and bags of delicious, crunchy apples. They never last long because we just devour them. Here’s a fun apple craft where you get to “sew” an apple together.  This craft is awesome for practicing fine...Read More »
Three Ingredient No Bake Oatmeal Bars
How To Make Scented Cleaning Vinegar
SO doing this! I just wish I would have seen this 2 years ago cuz we had some fantastic nurses back then for Andy. Make these for the awesome nurses whenever you have a baby!
Paint Chip Christmas Trees | 20 + DIY Christmas Cards for Kids to Make
Top 3 Deal Sites to Save Big Money on Your Holiday Shopping
so fun!
Thankful:)
Zips don't have to be scary!- You SEW, girl! blog.
I don't know why, but this made me burst out laughing.
a long time dream of mine: to have many many machines and dryers.  Okay maybe just 2 dryers.
map as wallpaper
Can you figure this out?  Are you smarter than a 5th grader @Mathnasium Hill #wemakemathfun...https://www.facebook.com/MathnasiumofCherryHill
seasnax snacks
Aqua Vintage Stool
{Engineering Books & Activities for Kids}  Got kids who love to build?  Check out these great books, activities and online resources to introduce kids to simple machines & engineering!
Brown Butter Chocolate Chip Cookie Skillet (“Pizookie”) - No need to go to BJ's anymore for your pizookie cravings!
Stocked guest #bathrooms! So nice! Love the rolling pull out drawer idea!
Nice.
The Best Beet Juice I’ve Ever Had… My Favorite #Juice #Healthy #Drinks #juicing
the junk haus. #InteriorDesign
Dining room
Press little fingers into sculpting clay to make a fingerprint key chain or charm!
Cake Wine Chocolate - Notice Fine Art Print - Retro Poster - Polite Notice - Vintage Advert- Aluminium - UK
Summer Child Care Options
Start your October out right by implementing this awesome cleaning routine with this FREE printable! Cleaning + Organizing Calendar for OCTOBER via Clean Mama
Love this garden terrace dining area shaded by a rustic arbor.
Moving Day kit - illistyle.com
Mini Wallets - Scrap style - The Sewing Loft
using food processor to make black bean burger recipe
Bruschetta Chicken
Sichuan Spicy Wontons, by thewoksoflife.com
I love art! Creative individual and unique. Depicting life in all its many facets.  What do you love and appreciate? What makes you you? #dressyourphone #hautemagenta
Crock-Pot Chicken Pot Pie Soup | CrockPotLadies.com
Angel Food Cake Churro Bites - Copy
Crock Pot Beef Stew is easy, hearty, and comforting. Toss everything into the crock pot at night then pop into the base and cook the next day! #glutenfree | iowagirleats.com
Outdated Lamp Makeover from pitterandglink.com
stefy+"let\'s+fly+away"+suede+skate+sneaker,+navy+by+kate+spade+new+york+at+Neiman+Marcus.
spicy roasted squash with feta + herbs I howsweeteats.com
Summer Infant® SwaddleMe®-Jungle Buddies 2 Pack (Small-Medium)
Morning Glory Muffins
Leftover Hambone Soup - Use up your leftover hambone to make this cozy, hearty soup loaded with tons of veggies and chunks of sweet ham!
Taco Pasta
easy Girl hair styles
Check out these bar cart styling tips.
Cork wall interior office space. Need. Now.
The Country Cook: Cornbread Waffles with Chili & Fixins'
Kimchi Fried Forbidden Rice with Black Garlic Recipe - Jeanette's Healthy Living
The Country Cook: Crock Pot Taco Soup
Easy, straightforward steps to making your own black-out lined back-tab curtains!
A delicious mixture of tender, shredded chicken, peppers and onions piled on hoagie rolls with melted cheese. ~ http://www.fromvalerieskitchen.com
adorable free crochet heart pattern
Shrimp and Asapargus Stir Fry
Banana Peanut Butter Baked Oatmeal Recipe.  This is a healthy recipe that is perfect for chilly mornings!
White Chocolate Cake Batter Cups - House of Yumm
The color, density, and smell of your urine can reveal health problems.
Modern Foundation Paper Pieced Quilts
Sweet and delicious AIP Banana bread recipe - paleo, egg-free, nut-free.
Tall Mom tiny baby: 40 QUESTIONS TO ASK ON A MATERNITY TOUR OF HOSPITALS AND BIRTH CENTERS
homemade-buffalo-sauce
You guys… have you seen Juli’s new cookbook? I’m positive most of you follow Juli’s blog, Paleomg.com, but if you don’t, you need to! Juli is funny, an awesome cook, has great style, and shares some awesome workouts too that you can find over there on her blog. Her new book is nothing short of amazing and …
Cucumber Noodles with Garlic Shrimp
Beefy Pasta Casserole
Cinnamon Apple Bread with Almond Glaze
Spicy Asian Zucchini
This crowd-pleasing Enchilada Style Baked Chicken is loaded with black beans, corn, tomatoes and cheese, and it's about as easy as a chicken recipe gets. @theharvestkitchen.com
Reclaimed Wood Sliding Barn Door
What We Loved This Week. Highlighting books, recipes, foods, products, and other goodies we loved.
pretty colourful flowers
inner strength allows for personal growth
tell her every day
fireplace
tutoriAL
Gold Stud Earrings
Olive Garden Breadsticks
Animal theme, EFL-ESL Worksheets, Preschool Worksheets, Animals Worksheets
Quinoa Fruit Salad with Honey Lime Dressing by twopeasandtheirpod #Salad #Fruit #Quinoa #Healthy
Healthy Tilapia Burgers with Watermelon Salsa + Avocado I howsweeteats.com
Glitter-dipped mason jars
It's true :)
White ranch
Try out this simple DIY fajita seasoning mix recipe! This combination of spices makes for super flavorful and delicious fajitas!
I love how adventurous and versatile crochet is – there’s always something new to learn, and readers who are quick to ask for video tutorials for those things! And one thing I’ve gotten a lot of requests for is a special stitch that looks a whole lot like knitted stockinette, known as Center Single Crochet, [...]
How To Make Chalk Paint — Clumsy Crafter
Crack Potatoes | Plain Chicken
Makers Guide: Winter Dome Decor
French Toast Bake
Honey Soy Pork Tenderloin Recipe | ©addapinch.com
Best Whole Roasted Chicken Recipe EVAH! | A Daily Dose of Toni
Chicken Francese - Lightened Up
DIY Floam!
Skinny Buffalo Chicken Wing Dip - Jeanette's Healthy Living
Caramel Pecan Chocolate Chip Cookies: my favorite cookie recipe! Chewy "turtle" cookies are always a hit!
Vanilla Mint Milkshake | JellyToastBlog.com
Wow!  I just attended a Younique Virtual Party So quick and easy!  Check it out here!
These Apple Crisp Cookie Cups combine classic oatmeal cookies with homemade apple pie filling for the perfect comfort food. | livforcake.com
31 Healthy Freezer Crockpot Meals | New Leaf Wellness
double coconut muffins
Cable Knit Coffee Mug Cozy CHOOSE YOUR COLOR by yarncrazygirl, $8.00
Loaded baked potato soup! So delicious, and quick and easy to make! // the baker upstairs http://www.thebakerupstairs.com
Red Lobster Copycat Cheddar and Garlic Biscuits from The Baker Upstairs. These delicious soft and savory biscuits may just be better than the original!  http://www.thebakerupstairs.com
Perfect vanilla cupcakes from The Baker Upstairs. These cupcakes are light and moist and perfect for any occasion! http://www.thebakerupstairs.com
My favorite snack ever! These things are amazing!! So healthy!! No-Bake Energy Bites 1 cup (dry) oatmeal 1/2 cup chocolate chips 1/2 cup peanut butter 1/2 cup ground flaxseed 1/3 cup honey 1 tsp. vanilla
Tomato and lime skillet fish tacos from The Baker Upstairs. Super easy, delicious, and skinny too! A perfect summer meal!   http://www.thebakerupstairs.com
Alisha Prakash, Production Coordinator
Homemade Pumpkin Puree from The Baker Upstairs for Somewhat Simple
x
Angel Food Cupcakes
You'll never boil brussels again after tasting these.
Delicious Prosciutto di Parma and Parmigiano Reggiano + 2 cute Parmigiano knives. I totally support these 2 Italian icons and urge everyone to try them and taste the difference! Ask your local deli for the "real deal"!  #parmaham #parmigianoreggiano #italianfood
Easy Fix for Scratched Hardwood Floors - The Chronicles of Home
Camping Tips and Hacks for Families
Crazy Dough for Everything - make one miracle dough, keep it in the fridge and use it for anything you like: pizza, focaccia, dinner rolls, crescent rolls, etc
How to Make Your Planner More Effective
Slow Cooker White Chocolate Cinnamon Hot Chocolate, made in the rock pot and ready when you are! Rich, full of flavour and made with white hot chocolate.
Dark Chocolate Raspberry Curd Cupcakes
These loaded twice baked sweet potatoes are piled high with pecan brown sugar streusel, marshmallows and dried cranberries. You can prepare them in advance and then pop them in the oven right before your holiday meal!
The Best Lotion EVER!!
Rachael Ray Cucina Stoneware EVOO Dispensing Bottle - Blue
Impaired detox: 17 Signs your body is not taking out the trash! | Butter Nutrition
Southwestern Chicken Casserole
Rainbow Clean Mud - FSPDT
Easy skillet pasta dinner with BEST juiciest mini chicken meatballs in a tomato cream sauce | littlebroken.com @littlebroken
How To Get A Smaller Waist In Just A Week?
Death By Chocolate Poke Cake
Family Trees are Pretty — by Guest Mom Leslie
Soft Maple Sugar Cookies - These melt-in-your-mouth maple sugar cookies are perfect for the holidays!
Drinks Archives - Page 7 of 8 - Spiced
See five things you didn't know you could paint and how easy it is to give items like furniture and art a new look.
Mason Jar Superhero Banks are a fun way for kids to save money!
Paying off that kind of debt isn’t easy, but it is possible. And what you might not know is there is help available to pay off that debt. Legally.
Cranberry and Pomegranate Bruschetta - This bright, fresh healthy appetizer makes a delightful bruschetta but there are tons of other delicious ways to use it - check it out!
Pesto Chicken Zucchini Noodles - One skillet dinner recipe with your choice of protein, toasted almonds, grape tomatoes and vegan kale pesto. | ifoodreal.com
Start with flat-finish latex paint in any shade. For small areas, such as a door panel, mix 1 cup at a time.
1. Pour 1 cup of paint into a container. Add 2 tablespoons of unsanded tile grout. Mix with a paint stirrer, carefully breaking up clumps.
2. Apply paint with a roller or a sponge paintbrush to a primed or painted surface. Work in small sections, going over the same spot several times to ensure full, even coverage. Let dry.
3. Smooth area with 150-grit sandpaper, and wipe off dust.
4. To condition: Rub the side of a piece of chalk over entire surface. Wipe away residue with a barely damp sponge.
I want to walk up and down this path
Crock Pot Vegetarian Chili (for babies one year and older) #recipe www.thebump.com
Photo by www.distinctivenurseries.com
Bob the Builder cake. Photo by Flickr/{just jennifer}
This no-nonsense baby is thinking, "Don’t even think about squeezing my cheeks." Submitted by Kaiterz.
Painted drawers. Just choose your colors from a paint chip card with gradient colors and then buy the little sample jars of each color.
Penelope C.'s little one
Malta ✈ Destination Wedding Venue Spotlight
"Catherine" Bolero (chaviano couture bridal 2012 collection)
floral crown
san juan capistrano weddings
Vintage Wedding Furniture #797312 | Weddbook
Aman Sveti Stefan resort, Macedonia.
And my obsession for black walls continues...
Black Wall Obsession
Decades of Style by Lexi DeRock
Gorgeous tutu!
Nili Lotan
Dublin ✈ Destination Wedding Guide
catbird
valentines day flower cake inspiration
Summer Styles: Cutest Hipster Swim Styles for Baby (Watch!)
Max Kibardin Franca Glitter Heels
Popsicles and Poptails | Cold Refreshments for a destination wedding
Gold wedding shoes | photo by Jessica Loren | 100 Layer Cake
Desert Modern Heather Grey Jersey Dress with Kimono Sleeves: Love.
Upgrade your builder-grade bifold's
Free Christmas card templates
Holiday gifts for pregnant women
FAB Guide ✈ Tips for an Engagement Session
Need an Afternoon Pick-Me-Up? Read This Exciting, Heartwarming Birth Story
8 Easy, Feel-Good Yoga Moves for Expecting and New Moms
Von Follies by Dita Von Teese
The Closet Staple: Graphic Tee's
Happy October!  Can you all believe it’s already October?  I think I’m still in disbelief, my mind is still in summer.  I am so ready for fall though but in a blink it’ll be Christmas! In light of it being the 1st of October, I thought today I would share 31 Soup, Stew, and Chili …
Delicious Harvest Hash Recipe - perfect for a Fall Snack, Halloween party, or gift for a neighbor. #Halloween |the House of Hendrix
Glazed Oxtails ~ Oxtails, browned, slow cooked until falling off the bone tender, red wine and stock reduced until coating oxtails with syrupy glaze. ~ SimplyRecipes.com
This pasta is out of this world!! So ultra creamy and cheesy. We will it make over and over!!!!
How To Organize And Store Narrow Craft Ribbon
If you're a chips and dip junkie, you're going to LOVE this out-of-this-world 3-ingredient chip dip recipe -- perfect for Super Bowl Sunday!
christmas decorations out of orange slices - Google Search
Okay, I’m sorry for doing this. For making a cookie with such a long name, for rolling cookie dough in pretzels, for putting brownie batter in a cookie. But these things had to happen in order to make the best thumbprint cookies on this planet. Crunchy, salty, chocolaty, gooey, chewy. Incredible. I don’t know why people don’t...Read More »
Skip the campfire and whip up a batch of S'mores Cookies! Made with graham cracker cookie dough, chocolate chips & marshmallow bits, these s'mores cookies taste just like your favorite summer treat so you can have s'mores year round.
Mushroom Bacon Salad Recipe
Top 5 Green Shakes For Weight Loss
Ultimate Chocolate Chip Cookie n’ Oreo Fudge Brownie Bar
French Toast Roll Ups
Pacific NW Raised Bed Garden
Crock-Pot Lobster Bisque [via CrockPotLadies.com] – A warm and rich creamy soup full of flavor and tender chunks of lobster meat. Easy to prepare but this recipe will surely impress anyone you serve it to!
(2) Welcome! | LinkedIn
How to use FastPass Plus at Disney World
Make 20 identical busy bags to swap with 19 other moms, then get 20 great toddler busy bags back! There are also great busy bag ideas here too!
Pretzel S'mores Bites from SixSistersStuff.com
Hot Chocolate Breakfast Smoothie -- smooth, creamy, and sure to keep you satisfied for hours! This warm and comforting vegan smoothie will knock out those chocolate cravings while providing you with a balanced breakfast or snack || runningwithspoons.com #vegan #chocolate #smoothie
Pinterest Inspired Gallery Wall - use painter's tape to mark a space and then hang various size pictures above and below it. Hang with command strips. Super easy!
Easy Butternut Skillet Shells & Cheese I howsweeteats.com
This salad looks so good!
Geez That's Good ! Lemon Garlic Cream Sauce for Pasta. Photo by Kerfuffle-Upon-Wincle
Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Bacon and Garlic
Marshmallow Whipped Sweet Potatoes...Will be good for Thanksgiving.
Ruth Chris Sweet Potato Casserole
Cajun Corn Maque Choux Recipe
Apple Bacon Coleslaw
Turnips, Carrots & Pomegranate Salad
The Art of Comfort Baking: Broccoli Salad
Prosciutto Wrapped Asparagus
Grilled Green Beans
Garlic Grilled Tomatoes
WW Recipes - Spicy Honey Roasted Cauliflower
The contrasting flavors and textures of crisp, sweet watermelon and creamy, tangy goat cheese are magical partners. Top with sliced grilled chicken to make it a meal.
Halloumi stuffed peppers
Caprese stuffed portobellos.  Mmmmm!
DIY Picket Frame Tutorial - Easy and SO Cute!  @ItsOverflowing.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com.com
Get a head start on your holiday party cooking with some of our best Make-Ahead recipes:  http://www.bhg.com/christmas/recipes/holiday-side-dishes/?socsrc=bhgpin111813makeaheadholidaysidedishes
Brown Butter Garden Vegetable Pasta Skillet I howsweeteats.com
Caprese Pops!
Creamy Chipotle Polenta with Roasted Veggies {Food Matters Project} | Pidge's Pantry
An easy pasta salad recipe with tomatoes, red peppers and queso fresco by www.cookthestory.com
Gorgonzola Garlic Bread
Recipe for Julienned Zucchini Vegan Bowl with Peanut-Sriracha Sauce; I made this before I had a #Spiralizer, but now I'd use that for the zucchini! [from KalynsKitchen.com] #GlutenFree #LowCarb #Vegan
Baked Sweet and Sour Chicken
Asian Quinoa Slaw - perfect as a side or with added protein for a complete meal
Quick and Easy Texas Toast Pizza Recipe for kids! - Yummy dinner or lunch idea.
Simple Roasted Chicken | giverecipe.com | #chicken
One bite of our better-for-you bacon, cheese and ranch red potatoes and you'll think you've died and gone to spud heaven. Remain calm. Take another bite.
Crustless zucchini quiche recipe from Roxanashomebaking.com
'Don't Make Me Get On My Broom' Witch Design: Free Silhouette Studio Cut File ~ Silhouette School
The Country Cook: Taco Bake {Mexican Pizza}
Zucchini, Black Bean and Rice Skillet
The Best Christmas Cookies on Pinterest
25 Delicious Homemade Candy Recipes - The Idea Room
Secret to Preventing Smeared Ink on Silhouette Printable Clear Sticker Paper ~ Silhouette School
Add these easy Cranberry Orange Shortbread Cookies to your holiday baking list this season! Plus, three secrets to irresistible shortbread cookies!
Eggnog with Kahlua and Irish Whiskey
Recipe including course(s): Entrée; and ingredients: black pepper, boneless, skinless chicken breast, bread crumbs, dried basil, garlic cloves, olive oil, parmesan cheese, salt
guest post by @beardandbonnet cranberry ginger moscow mule
Pro Seller Cynthia Stine shares her tips to earning a full-time income with Amazon FBA. Have you tried your hand at reselling yet?
Skinny Chicken Enchiladas
Mini Yogurt Cheesecakes via @PureWow
Glitter Card Stock: Perfect Silhouette Cut Settings (Plus Burlap and Cork) ~ Silhouette School
25 Brilliant 100th day of school activities. Craft projects, math games, writing projects and tons more.
mexican grilled street corn avocado toast I howsweeteats.com
Fluffy No-Knead Refrigerator Rolls
bodybutter herstellen
Banana Oat Greek Yogurt Muffins -- no flour, no oil, and 100% ridiculously delicious! || runningwithspoons.com
Copycat Weight Watchers Red Lobster Cheddar Bay Biscuits Recipe
One-Pan Cheesy Chicken, Broccoli, and Rice
Get rid of stinky feet
This mango salad dressing recipe is a delicious topping for greens, chicken, or fish. It's a sweet dressing that keeps in the fridge for several days.
The order for teaching letter recognition to kids
Parmesan and Herb Crusted Fish | Dietitian Debbie Dishes
Shrimp Ceviche Tostada
Sweet Thai Chili Roasted Chicken | Paleo
One-Pot Quinoa Chili
Apple Cinnamon Cookie Energy Bites
Combine classic chocolate cake with your favourite guilty pleasure in this Cookie Dough Chocolate Cake! | livforcake.com
Chicken Pasta Salad - Butter With A Side of Bread
Chocolate Fudge Bundt Cake Recipe ~ you would never guess this decadent dessert starts with a cake mix and instant pudding!
Jack's Ultimate Steak Marinade - steaks marinated in red wine, chili sauce, red wine vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, onion, garlic, salt, pepper and a bay leaf. This marinade is seriously delicious! Our new go-to marinade. TONS of great flavor!!
Baked Chicken Chimichangas - one of our favorite healthy Mexican meals. the-girl-who-ate-everything.com
EASY Almond Joy Cookies take just four ingredients and don't even require a mixer! No beating, no chilling, just a quick stir and into the oven they go!
Slim Entry Table Building Plans - Tidbits
Fresh Stacked Tomato Salad | ASpicyPerspective.com
This Creamy Parmesan Salad Dressing is super easy to make. Made with parmesan…
This is Momma's recipe, so you KNOW it is The Perfect Crock Pot Roast!
Flavorful 10-ingredient Spaghetti Squash Lasagna Bake with tofu ricotta and vegan parmesan cheese! A plant-based meal that's perfect for fall and winter!
A quick and easy marinade for chicken that is full of flavor and makes grilling, sautéing, or baking delicious chicken a snap.
Farmhouse Street of Dreams
Crock Pot Salsa Chicken - Only 3 ingredients in this low carb dish that the whole family will love
Tuscan White Beans w/ Spinach, Shrimp, and Feta (7pp)
Simple Slow Cooker Sloppy Joes
easy homemade hot chocolate mix
How To Make Your Own Valentine Suckers
Slow Cooker Recipes: Chocolate Molten Lava Cake - littleindiana.com
yogurt mix-ins. could add dark chocolate chips to this one as well.
Maple-Mustard Glazed Chicken ~ http://www.fromvalerieskitchen.com
Furinno FNBL-22118 Boyate Computer Desk with Top Shelf, Walnut - Walmart.com
How to make paper clay
Butterflake Dinner Rolls - Dessert Now, Dinner Later!
Paleo Peppermint Chocolate No-Bake Bites
I’ve been really into using turmeric lately, both for its health benefits (it’s long been used for its powerful anti-inflammatory properties) and the distinctive gingery flavor it bring…
Reindeer Marshmallow Pops
cookie-monster-ice-cream-frugal-coupon-living-Collage
If you rely on that cup of coffee to get your morning going, be sure you keep your Keurig operating at its optimal best by knowing how to clean a Keurig. Here you’ll find out how easy it is to clean and how to descale a Keurig. If the word “descale” is freaking you out, don’t let it. It isn’t as bad (or gross) as it sounds.  Bonus: I bet you have all the ingredients you need to clean and descale your Keurig in your kitchen right now.
weight watchers Lemon Bars
Whole Chicken in a Slow Cooker from The Little Kitchen
Love crispy garlic chicken and buttery lemon noodles? You will love this creamy Lemon Chicken Pasta Recipe!
Here’s 6 Plants That Will Help Keep Your House Naturally Cool
Homemade roasted chickpeas done 4 ways - such a great snack for getting protein!
Avocado Egg Salad (Mayo-Free!)  - an easy 4-ingredient lunch recipe | theroastedroot.net #paleo
Reese's Easter Egg Puppy Chow
Grape Salad
Serger Stitches 101: The Cheat Sheet! Your new mush have! SHARE IT WITH YOUR FRIENDS, they'll love you! Only on SergerPepper.com
how to clean your dishwasher
10 Swoon Worthy Kitchens
This Helpful Visual Shows How Legroom On Most Major Airlines Stacks Up
Autumn Kale Salad Recipe. This easy kale salad recipe will make your family beg them to serve them kale! The oil-free dressing is AMAZING. Gluten-free and vegan recipe.
Vegan Pumpkin Waffles | The Viet Vegan | Crisp on the outside, fluffy on the…
Boxed Cake Mix Hacks
Convertible Picnic Table and Bench
Knitted Market Bag, versatile and great for toting around all your goodies.
My Mom’s traditional Thanksgiving stuffing, the one my entire family dreams about all year and descends upon like a pack of starving wolves the moment the bowl hits the table. I’m surprised an eye hasn’t been poked out or a finger stabbed by a marauding fork or that a fist fight hasn’t broken out yet. …
Swig Sugar Cookies Recipe
Cuban Mojo Marinated Pork (Lechon Asado) - The Food Charlatan
Sweet Potato Muffins Recipe {Paleo, Gluten-Free, Clean Eating, Dairy-Free, Vegan}
101 Braid Hairstyles and How To Do Them Yourself
The Ultimate List of Scripture Memory Songs
Taco Pasta Toss
Orange Coconut Cake // DeliciousObsessions.com #paleo #primal #glutenfree #grainfree #dairyfree
Fresh blueberries and mint are combined with organic coconut water and sweetened with raw honey to create these paleo friendly popsicles
Cleaning Tips : These 35 tips and cleaning recipes for the home are awesome! the36thavenue.com #cleaning
17 Freezer Meal Prep Sessions That Will Change Your Life
Halloween Bark - Fun Halloween Food for Kids - FamilyFreshMeals.com
DIY Photo Canvas That Looks Exactly Like The Real Thing - Lovely Etc.
DoubleTree Hotel Chocolate Chip Cookies
Cake Batter Dip
So easy to make and with the right amount of pumpkin flavor, these pumpkin cheesecake bars taste exactly like a cheesecake that crossed paths with a pumpkin pie – the best of both worlds!
A MUST PIN FOR THE HOLIDAYS! Learn how to make a DIY gift bag from wrapping paper. It's the perfect way to wrap awkwardly shaped gifts!
French Toast Bake by Lil Luna
Perfect Queso Recipe from addapinch.com
Nutella Peanut Butter Chocolate Chunk Cookies averiecooks.com
Baked Chicken Chimichangas - one of our favorite healthy Mexican meals. the-girl-who-ate-everything.com
my demons - Google Search
These flourless chocolate peanut butter breakfast cookies are gluten free, grain free, dairy free, packed with protein and a great start to the day!
S'mores Bites - a twist on the classic dessert, make these little S'mores Bites in the oven!
Stuffed Pepper Soup
Coconut Key Lime Bread
Pink moscato cupcakes with strawberry frosting
Eye Cream Ingredients
100 Healthy Snack Ideas to help you reach your weight loss goals! (Also includes printable version so you can put it on your fridge to remind you)
Zucchini and other garden veggies are skillet cooked until crisp-tender before being topped with mozzarella and Parmesan. So easy—and so good.
Chewy No Bake M&M’s Granola Bars
Slow Cooker Basil Chicken in Coconut Curry Sauce
Paleo Short Ribs Recipe with Garlic and Rosemary
pretty dressing table
pumpkin pie milkshakes
Spaghetti Squash: Cooking Techniques and Photo Tutorial
love the blue- and the bins!
Obsolete: Vintage sconces in hallway
Coconut Chicken Salad with Warm Honey Mustard Vinaigrette. YUM! #recipe #healthy #salad #chicken #coconut
blackberry, fennel, goat cheese, hazelnuts and honey pizza
pink roses.
1955 Beach wear
Cozy and colorful #livingroom
Valentine's Wreath (older kids)
Shrimp On The Barbie {Outback Copycat}  #shrimp
absolutely beautiful things
A+ TutorSoft Interactive Math Curriculum: Free Month Access + 20% Coupon Code
:)
Free printable: Vintage 4th of July party invitation...editable  {Lia Griffith}
Potty Mouth 3x4" Life in Pictures Cards - Printable #projectlife
Crostini with Peaches, Blue Cheese and Honey
Celebrations and Brain Breaks for Middle School
These Homemade Energy Bites look SO delicious -- and good for you, too! A perfect  afternoon (or anytime!) pick-me-up.
Halloween cuties
Retro grey swallows fly on a sky blue sweater.
Thanksgiving book list for preschoolers!
A classic dress in a bright geometric pattern. #retro
kimla designs | Photoshop Templates for Photographers | Digital Scrapbooking: Freebie | Snow Overlay | How to use Photo Overlays ? Free Phot...
THREE Money Saving Clues On A Grocery Shelf Tag!  You won't believe one of the clues you're probably missing that will help you save more!
Spinach Smoothie - sneaky veggies
How to Make a Child's Purse from Jeans ~ low sew design | The Happy Housewife
how to get thicker hair
Panera's Copy Cat Recipe: Beef Soup in a Bread Bowl | The Happy Housewife
Embellished Tank Top with Fun Black and White by RaspberryMarket, $32.00
miso coconut chicken recipe - www.iamafoodblog.com
Pop of Tiffany blue in the painted hutch. Also the birds on the ceiling.
Crockpot Breakfast Casserole Recipe
Spring is Here! Start Planning Your Garden with these frugal tips!
Quick & Easy Paleo "Peanut Butter" Cups ~ deliciously tasty without the guilt!  | The Happy Housewife
.pngs, clip art, photoshop brushes and more!
A  Interactive Math: 3 Free Months of Math Lessons | The Happy Housewife
Today's inspiration: Write down all the reason's you are awesome. #InspiredSummer
Colorful donuts
Glitter  Co. | Baldwin, WI Photographer: Free photoshop action
Safe Sex on the Beach Mocktail (3 oz cranberry juice 3 oz grapefruit juice 2 oz peach nectar 1 maraschino cherry)
You've wondered if you can wash them - check out this simple tutorial - How to Wash Pillows via Clean Mama
Grilled Polenta: with pine nuts, black olives and grated parmesan cheese...
sip champagne by the ocean?
Operation Feel Good started as an experiment in recovery and ended up a mission. All it takes is three little words. Eat. Move. Sleep.
Here are some handy graphic design tips: some free chalkboard styles and effects that you can use in Photoshop for websites and graphic design. There are chalkboard fonts, ornaments, backgrounds, Photoshop styles and effects.
Looking for a low-cost vacation?  Try camping on a budget!
Lemon Ricotta Pound Cake with Blueberry Sauce. This is a delicious pound cake! If you've never baked with ricotta cheese, you need to try it !
Tips on launching an ebook.
hair dreams
A simple invitation to play with pattern blocks -  plus lots of ideas, activities and resources for pattern block play
You wouldn’t dream of bundling up with anything other than this ivory coat! Characterized by removable, faux-fur trim at the collar and cuffs, this textured, buttoned outerwear is swathed in sophistication and commands attention with its long, slightly flared silhouette. It is also 30% off!!
Love this fireplace/mantle. Would tie in our paneling from the family room!
dlolleystutorials: Free PSD Photographer Logo's
FREE Thanksgiving Coloring Pages (Printable)
Simple tips for practicing hospitality through the holidays. Whether your hosting or attending, holiday festivities shouldn't be stressful, these tips help remove the fuss!
All Kinds of Things: Homeschool Pre-school Ideas for Letter a Week (Bud...
The Autism Project and Hasbro have teamed up to make toys and play more accessible for kids with autism and other disabilities. Great project and just in time for the holidays!
7 frugal laundry tips for busy moms who want to save money while getting this chore done, but don't have tons of free time! {on Stain Removal 101}
Make a Date Jar with 175 Date Ideas. Blues for him and pinks for her. You could even make one with the kids too!
List for parents to find free letters to and from Santa, recorded messages from Santa and a few other cute holiday items.
Grilled Sausage and Ranch Pasta  - turned our favorite grilling meal into a quick pasta! Cheesy ranch flavored pasta, grilled sausage, caramelized onions and avocados all in one quick dish!
homemade honey oatmeal acne fighting face mask
My Collection of Money Saving Tips http://www.allkindsofthingsblog.com/2012/01/my-collection-of-money-saving-tips.html
If you are looking for that impact that flowers have without the hassle try artificial flowers they have improved.
Creating a Bedtime Routine for Adults
9 Ways To Beat The Winter Blahs
Lemons
Join Us for Wedding Week: How to Have Your Dream Wedding for $1,500 or LESS! - The Frugal Navy Wife
Best simple tips for dads on bonding with a baby.
Slow Cooker BBQ Chicken  {For sandwiches or not!} {Real Food, Traditional Foods, Healthy Recipes, Healthy Eating, BBQ Recipes, Slow Cooker Recipes, Frugal Recipes, Easy Recipes}
organic foods from Walmart
25 Ways to Save on American Girl Doll Accessories - The Frugal Navy Wife
Lace Eggs   From Martha YouKnowWho  1. Cut lace into strips long enough to wrap around eggs and still have extra to form a sash for holding.    2. Wrap eggs, securing lace with rubber bands. Dye eggs according to dye package instructions. Lift out, cut off rubber bands, and unwrap lace. Let dry on foam board fitted with flathead pins.
Using an xbox to save $1,000 a year on cable. (Even if you have to buy one!)
I want nothing more than my kids to love God and each other. That’s why I love this new bible study for kids, My Brother’s Keeper! | The Happy Housewife
Homemade Non-Toxic Disinfectant
How to Make Brown Sugar - only two ingredients!
Sky-High Salted Caramel Chocolate Cupcakes
Santa Fe Rice and Beans Recipe to feed 6 people for $3! A copycat recipe for Lean Cuisine Santa Fe Rice and Beans.
"We Don't Find Time As Much As We Make It" - Moms everywhere
Giving Experiences instead of gifts. What to give, where to find them and why you need to do this. Stop spending money on junk that people don't need.
3 weeks of cheap dinners, ready in 15 minutes!
Tres Leches Cake
I really do start to forget my days! It's all the same anyways now!
Resources created by parents to help you learn how to build a profitable blog.
Oatmeal Chocolate Caramel Bars Buttery oats, chocolate chips, caramel and pecans come together perfectly in these delicious bars. The perfect treat to make for Graduation parties, Mother’s Day and your summer celebrations.
The best part about a budget? Spending money! Seriously though, it turns out there are quite a few FUN things that you can buy on a budget that actually reduce your monthly spending. Here's 10 tried and true items!
Easy Pepperoni Pizza Dip recipe  - easy after school snack or perfect for football games. No matter the occasion, this is a delicious crowd pleaser!
10 Ways Being A Mother Has Made Me A Better Person
You have to try this easy 3 ingredient Strawberry fruit dip! YUM!
Beginners Checklist and Guide to Camping
BrenDid Pottery Barn Inspired Glitter Pumpkin knock of DIY #diy #halloween Halloween DIY http://brendid.com/pb-inspired-light-up-glitter-pumpkin/
LEGOLAND Florida Hotel Opens: A Must See are The Rooms! Stunning Pictures
10 Free Things To Do In Boston This Summer #Travel
Did you know that you can cook rice in the crock pot? Try this easy Crock pot Rice Recipe and see how it saves you money - Eating on a Dime
DIY Soothing Lotion Bars! These simple, little bars are the perfect lotion bars for soothing stressed, tired, burned, or even acne-scared skin. They also make the perfect little gift--just add a few to a mason jar.
Good gardens need to be pruned for best results.  See my 14 pruning tips to help you prune plants and shrubs like a pro.
My 9 year old begged for her own phone for a over a year! Finally I gave in! See what a $5.00 Phone taught her! You might be surprised! I certainly was!
Celebrating great friends, food, and things, with a Favorite Things party. www.thedempsterlogbook.com
Is parenting the hardest job? Many roles and careers have difficult tasks. Read why being a parent is the hardest job and other careers that can be just as difficult.
Some early reviews for the book, The Business of Podcasting.
Secret to creating perfect paint lines
Ways I Organize a Big Family. Laundry, schedules, activities, cooking, and prayer.
Sopapillas
Num's the Word: This homemade raspberry butter is easy to make and jazzes up your favorite breakfast items.  I love it on toast, english muffins, pancakes and hot rolls!  Any way you spread it, it will make getting up in the morning a lot more tasty!
Making General Tsos chicken in a crock pot is an easier and healthier way to serve Chinese food to your family. The perfect easy weeknight dinner.
Soaked Pancakes  {Traditional Foods, Real Food, Breakfast Recipes}
Do struggle with getting your mornings in order? Are you tired of meltdowns, not being able to find your car keys, or forgotten appointments?  Do you wish you makeover your mornings to live your best life?  Here's how!
Apple Streusel Muffin (Gluten-Free)
Planning a Homeschool Unit Study? Don't spend hours! Here you'll find our Oceans of the World Homeschool Unit Study all laid out and ready to go!
Find yourself wishing your kids were older already to avoid your current challenges? Sometimes it seems like parenting would be so much easier once the kids hit a certain age. But don't rush—here's why older kids aren't always easier.
Double the love... double the cost? Twins are expensive—the need to cut costs is more important than ever. Don't forget these overlooked costs of raising twins so you can better prepare.
Repurposed Book Flower!
Caramel Spice Cake Popcorn: This caramel spice cake popcorn is the perfect treat on a rainy autumn day.
The Best 3-Ingredient Dinner Recipes via @PureWow
Learn the 8 signs of teething. Once you know the signs you can comfort your baby much easier.
Looking to save money? How about getting rid of harsh chemicals? Either way, once you make these 42 everyday items at home, you'll NEVER pay for them again!
Prior to Launch Budget
Maximize your time building a price book
Kids need self-confidence to succeed. How can you help bolster your child's confidence and self-esteem? Read these 5 tips to increase self confidence and learn how.
smores dip
Butterscotch Chocolate Chip Cookie Ice Cream. So yummy! This homemade butterscotch sauce will knock your socks off!
How Much Money Should I Save Up For A House? Determining your house budget is a very improtant step when buying a new house. #housebudget #budget http://www.makingsenseofcents.com/2014/09/how-much-money-should-i-save-up-for-a-house.html Frugal Living Tips #frugal #savingmoney #thrifty
Here is a Kohl's Capsule Wardrobe for Fall. It includes bright jewel tones and fun floral leggings. These pieces mix and match for 15 great outfits that will have you looking great this fall.
Bacon Guacamole Grilled Cheese Sandwich - Love with recipe... I would substitute the bacon with maybe turkey bacon or turkey slices
Looking for the perfect cake or cupcake frosting? Try this 5 minute homemade buttercream frosting. It's perfect with any flavor cake and the best I've had!
When I first graduated from college, I was very stressed out about my student loans. I had already been living on my own for several years and working full-time, but I made the mistake of not paying off my student loans in any manner whatsoever.
I try to avoid making sweeping statements about what we all should or shouldn't do, but I can confidently say these are three things you should NEVER EVER buy.
I've seen the salad in a jar floating around Pinterest forever. I kept thinking there was no way it would last all week. My lettuce gets wilted in 2 days. She tested it for a week and gave her honest opinion.
Upcylce Tin Cans and Old Jeans Into a Handy Caddy
Save a ton of money his month by learning how to earn more money and slash your bills.
Copycat version of Applebee's Oriental Chicken Salad - one of the best salad recipes! { lilluna.com }
cleaning, habits of people with a clean home, cleaning your home
chalkboard
Apple sugar scrub (three ingredient, semi-DIY) makes an easy holiday gift
Have you ever wondered How to Clean Your Brush to make it look like new? Well here are some tips on How to Clean Your Brush that give great results!
Having a healthy savings is essential to your financial well-being! Here are 3 surefire ways to increase your savings account so you can afford the things that matter most, and be prepared for what lies ahead. #2 is super motivating and will make sure you stay on track!
Find out how to save by using the Whole Foods Bulk Bins
scrub
FREE PODCAST : Discover 7 amazing marketing plugins for WordPress in their directory of 41,176 to choose from.
A ONE dish, Crockpot Mexican Quinoa -- a healthy and simple (dump it and forget it) slow cooker dish
You actually can spend less eating out for the week than you would spend to eat at home thanks to these menu items at national restaurants. Great resource guide.
Nutcracker in Houston
A melt in your mouth recipe for blueberry scones. Inspired by Starbucks in house version, this blueberry scone with hints of lemon and a crunchy sugary top will delight everyone. Serve during High Tea, or just as a mid afternoon snack. Perfect along side tea or coffee, or as a stand alone blueberry dessert. You won't believe how easy these are to make! Never made scones before? Never fear, this includes a step by step tutorial on how to make scones. #HighTea  #blueberries #Starbucks #scones ...
I am DYING over how adorable this Christmas card display is! So retro chic!
Learn how you achieve your goals as a couple even if you have a limited budget right now. Stuart Ritter VP of T. Rowe Price's Investment Services shares how you can effectively create goals, figure out what investment or savings account is right for you, and how to compromise when you two can't agree on goals.
All Natural Glass Cleaner
Decorating for summer with soft neutrals.  A neutral summer mantle using vintage finds.  www.thedempsterlogbook.com
Want to make money from home, but don't want to spend a ton of money doing so? Starting a blog is a great way to make money on your terms with low start up costs. Click to read more!
3 Pepper Chicken. Holiday Memories with Mezzetta! This easy lunch or dinner recipe will have you sailing through the holidays. Casual enough for everyday, but colorful enough for a holiday feast! Features 3 different peppers and packs a flavorful punch! All in less than 20 minutes! There is also a coupon for Mezzetta products as well as a chance to win 1 of 31 Holiday Gift Baskets! #MezzettaMemories #SharingJoy #Chicken #Peppers #Easy #dinner #recipe
I share how I got a Southwest Companion Pass without spending $110,000 - the number of points you need to earn it normally. I share the timing, strategy, and workarounds you need to make it work for you.
Ever since I stopped shopping at most traditional retailers (except the grocery store!), I've found myself saving tons of time and money.  Find out how you can too!
Worried that your child isn't able to recognize letters and numbers? You're not alone: Read these 5 useful tips to encourage early literacy in your young child.
We want you to succeed. We believe you can. Here are Club Thrifty's 5 keys to the financial freedom you crave...and the personal freedom that comes with it.
Fun Fruity Pebbles Cupcakes. These are Fun and kids love helping decorate them! Great for St Patricks Day
Kid-Made Scribble Gift Mug
Pinning this for my daughter's small closet! Love the organization!
Do you and your spouse disagree on whether you should stay home or not? We had that same issue in our marriage--until we used these great tips to fix it!
Paying off debt takes a lot of sacrifice and changes. I saved money by taking my lunch to work every day. Just look on how much it made a difference!
The holidays are a joyous time of year when family and friends come together to celebrate and enjoy each others company. But along with that comes the headache of gift-giving. With a large list of people to buy for this holiday season, it’s easy to overspend on holiday gifts. The following five tips will help you keep your holiday spending…
The Country Cook: Crock Pot Chili & Sweet Cornbread
Shredded Brussels Sprouts Salad Recipe from BrenDid.com - This tasty salad recipe inspired by RPM Italian (in Chicago) pairs fresh Brussels sprouts with Italian peppers and Parmesan cheese in a creamy avocado dressing. It’s a delicious new way to enjoy Brussels sprouts. Restaurant taste at home!
Learn how one investor earns 12% annually on #p2p #investing! Criteria and risks to avoid with peer loan investing. Every investor should hold these to balance out risks in the stock market.
Make 2 Ingredient Holiday Bark for a quick and easy hostess gift!
Chocolate Peanut Butter Holiday Fudge Recipe : Target Recipes
Apple Cider Turkey Gravy that is easy to make and perfect for thanksgiving dinner recipes! Quick and Easy and takes just 5 minutes!!
Do you act different when your child is sad or upset than when he is happy and excited? Avoid parenting mistakes like judging your child's emotions.
Have old unmatched earrings lying around? You should turn them into an enchanting bracelet! Click through to find out how! #bracelet_diy #jewelry_craft
When I first started working at Startbucks...I thought I was too good for it....
25 Baby-Proofing Hazards You May Have Forgotten from thejoysofboys.com.  #baby #parenting #safety
Eye Spy Nature Scavenger Hunt | Free Printable
Investing is SO overwhelming! How do you know where to start investing? Thankfully, this post explains it in simple terms. I finally get it!
Learn tips and tricks to save money on your kids' clothes and still have them look cute!
Making money from home can be a reality, and blogging is a great way to do it! See how this blogger is making money from home while homeschooling and caring for her kids.
I know cleaning is super boring, but if you use these awesome tips, you will be able to clean with more efficiency AND you might have more fun!
Grown Up Green Eggs and Ham - A Power Breakfast Recipe
Do you feel like your money is always disappearing? Check out these 5 spending habits you need to break.
Santa Fe Rice and Beans Recipe to feed 6 people for $3! A copycat recipe for Lean Cuisine Santa Fe Rice and Beans.
Christmas Day Fried Rice. Why get takeout when you can make it yourself in less time and without all the MSG!
How My Kids Stopped Driving Me Crazy in the Mornings
Simple tips on how to host a memorable wine and cheese party
How To Color Glass So That It Looks Tinted - http://reusegrowenjoy.com/how-to-color-glass-so-that-it-looks-tinted/
Declutter duplicate kitchen items. Part of the Get Rid of It Decluttering Challenge. Clear out space in your kitchen!
The Best Life Planner I've Ever Found. Crazy detailed review of The Living Well Planner. She compares it to the Erin Condren. I drooled through the whole thing. I want one so bad!
This is the year you are going to SAVE Money! However, everything still costs a crap load of money. Here's a FUN list of 30 Hobbies that won't break the bank account.
FREE Budget Spreadsheet With Video Tutorial - Get the Spreadsheet WE USE along with a video on how to best use it!
creative-funny-snowman-ideas-2
How to Make Reusable Swiffer Cloths ~ easy and inexpensive! Prevents throwing out all those Swiffer wipes | The Happy Housewife
How to help your adult child with money
Did you know you have been storing your lemons the wrong way!!!!! It turns out there is a better way to store lemons that you probably have never heard of before. Click through to see how you should store your lemons the right way! #TheHacksOfLife AD
These ideas are simple, but sometimes we get so wrapped up in life we forget to do the small things. There's a free printable list you can add to your homemaking binder!
The Easiest, Cheapest Ways to Clean Your Jewelry via @PureWow
Celebrate spring with a fun family game with these free printable Easter Guessing Game cards.
Do you have a collection of knick knacks that you aren't sure how to properly display? Here is an article that will help you distinguish a good display from a bad one. #interior_design #vintage_collections
I love, love, love doing challenges and have done the following: No Spend Challenge, No Shopping Challenge, No Complaining Challenge,The Clean Out the Pantry Challenge and more. I've successful rocked ALL of them. So, I thought it would be helpful to share my secrets to succeeding at a No Spend Challenge (and others) in this post.
How one family paid off their mortgage 10 times faster than normal -- plus where they got the money to do so!
Creamy Kale Feta Toast with a Fried Egg.
Need an easy, healthy, on the go breakfast?  This Eggo Waffle Breakfast Pizza takes 5 minutes or less to whip up, has 4 ingredients & is a healthy, easy, car friendly breakfast!
Easy to make brownie bites using only eggs, flour & Nutella!
Listen…this is happening. You read that right. Bacon candles are a thing, and you are going to learn how to make bacon candles of your own. What happens when you learn how to make bacon candles? People get jealous. Really jealous. I am telling you this now so there are no surprises later. I know …
Love these cute and colorful free printable monthly calendars for the end of 2015 and all of 2016! They're part of a larger printable collection that includes printables for organizing: finances, cleaning, meal planning, organization, travel, fitness, kids, pets, goals, scheduling, and more!!
American style Singing Lily.Looking for a new holiday tradition? Try Singing Lily! Learn about this British Dessert as well as easy ways to get to know your neighbors. Then give them treats in Holiday Rubbermaid TakeAlongs! @Walmart #ShareTheHoliday #cbias #ad
Being an introvert is something you can be proud of! You don’t have to be loud, the center of attention, or extremely amusing to make friends or have people skills in general. These are tips that any introvert can follow in order to be a great people person whether you’re looking to make friends, give great customer service, or just learn an awesome life skill!
Buying a house in cash can save you tons of money and headaches, but is it possible? Here’s a guide to making it happen, from a guy who’s done it three times.  - The Penny Hoarder http://www.thepennyhoarder.com/buying-a-house-in-cash/
How to hang vintage silver trays.  An easy, low cost project, with a big impact!
Chicken Pot Pie Casserole - this is SO GOOD and such an easy weeknight recipe.
Kids seem to be born as little hoarders. They've never met a toy they're excited to part with, but with these tips they actually enjoy decluttering! Read now and find out how to create a less cluttered, more organized toy space with your kids without fighting or stress.
Boys and video games go hand in hand, but have you ever asked yourself how much their games are affecting their motivation and social skills?
Ways To Make An Extra $1,000 A Month. Making an extra $1,000 a month may seem hard, but I promise it is not. Read this post for my tips on how YOU can make an extra $1,000 a month.
Don't let a financial emergency lead to financial ruin! Learn how to avoid financial emergencies and the pain they cause.
#ad #holidayhens This wonderful rustic winter recipe for @TysonFoods Cornish Hens made with fresh rosemary, sage and garlic and topped with bacon will be the hit of your holiday party!
Architecture of a Mom: Chocolate Peanut Butter Baked Oatmeal Muffins
How To Make Homemade Bath Bombs, DIY Bath Bomb Mother's Day Gifts
Save money, clean your home, and keep your family safe from chemicals all at the same time by making these homemade all-purpose cleaning wipes!
Seven Can Soup
Did your information get hacked when you shopped at Target, Home Depot, or a big store? Follow these steps right after the store sends you a letter that your information was stolen by hackers. Follow these steps right after a security data breach.
Thinking about buying a rental property out of state?  Check out this guide on buying Turnkey Rentals.
I'm not sure how I went so long without knowing this easy trick to getting dust off of the lamps shades.
Million dollar companies come in all types, forms, and fashions. Meet an entrepreneur that was able to build a million dollar business out of diapers! He shares some helpful insights to help start or take your business to another level.
These Garlic Cheese Bombs are not only delicious, they are easy to make! Perfect as a snack, appetizer or side!
These Frozen Snowflakes inspired by Disney's Frozen are an amazing addition to any Christmas decor. Kids and adults will love these Snowflakes.
Easy Rainbow Cake Recipe - Need an awesome spring dessert? This rainbow cake recipe is just the ticket! Light, fluffy and not overly sweet! Plus customize it with any colors you want too!
This Natural All-Purpose Cleanser is a workhorse! It is a bathtub and sink cleaner, a toilet cleaner, a glass top stove cleaner, an oven cleaner, a cutting board cleaner, a dishwasher detergent, a pot & pan cleaner, a laundry stain treater, a carpet stain remover, a tile and grout scrub and more! Plus it is an all-natural, green cleaner that is so gentle you can use it to exfoliate! Get the easy, 2-ingredient recipe on BrenDid.com!
Santa Fe Rice and Beans Recipe to feed 6 people for $3! A copycat recipe for Lean Cuisine Santa Fe Rice and Beans.
Spiderman Cake
totally love this eyeshadow palette
How To Figure Out What You Should Do For A Living If You Hate Your Job
DIY Glittered Champagne Flute on prettymyparty.com
Are you wasting money without even realizing it? I'd bet you are! Check out these 20 common expenses you should stop spending money on and you'll soon find extra money in your budget!
Make an organized carry on for preschoolers to help them get through long flights. Great tips and ideas for what to pack, what to expect, and how to prepare for it all.
create a rustic accent table for farmhouse decor
If you hate podcast-editing, then invest the time to avoid making mistakes while #podcasting. Here are 5 tips to help you podcast with fewer mistakes.
Learn how to start your own side-hustle freelancing as an online writer. The article includes the exact process I used to start my online writing business, how to grow the business and how to organize everything to make a full-time living.
Here is a long detailed article on six ways to stop making excuses and start being awesome!
10 Ways to Simplify Your Budget | His and Her Money
Protein Smootie For Kids, Healthy Smoothie Recipes, Cooking With Kids
Homemade BBQ Baked Beans in the Crock pot. -These are AMAZING!
Massive Money Saving Checklist | 200 Money Saving Tips. How would you like to save thousands of dollars over the course of a year? Without feeling like you’re living a life of constant denial? You would? Well, read on! #MoneySavingTips #FrugalLivingTips - Smart Money, Simple Life
Basic Desk - Threshold™ - White
12 Things I Learned From Starting 3 Six Figure Lifestyle Businesses.
Sweet and creamy white chocolate ganache wpipped cream is perfect for any recipe where you'd use whipped cream. It also makes a wonderfully light and airy frosting for cakes and cupcakes. It's also gluten-free. From What The Fork Food Blog.
10 Tips To Making Healthy Choices While on the Road
Lucky Clover Pepper Stamps, Frugal & Fun Craft for the Kids
Over 30 ways to add fitness to your daily routine. Make a Health, Wellness, and Fitness Plan.
3 weeks of cheap dinners, ready in 15 minutes!
Now Is The Time To Start Saving For Christmas - Are you still reeling from your credit card bill after buying Christmas presents? You’re not alone. Many Americans continue to put holiday spending on credit cards despite the warning signs of building consumer debt. But, you need to be saving for Christmas again already!
Curried quinoa pumpkin vegan collard wraps with veggies come together in minutes and make for the perfect light, healthy and detox friendly meal. You’ll feel the energy coming back to you with these low carb, high protein wraps. Perfect for lunch or a snack. Drizzled with a tahini lime sauce. Gluten Free too! 15 g of protein per serving. |  avocadopesto.com
Thinking of hiring a housekeeper? Make sure to read this article first!
One Pan Balsamic Chicken and Veggies - this is seriously easy to make and it tastes AMAZING! Had it ready in 20 minutes!
My favorite spring dessert! Blueberry Coconut Mini Muffins with Lemon Coconut Frosting (gluten-free, dairy-free, paleo)
DIY All-In-One Bathroom Cleaner. This cleaner is incredible!! Takes away odors and stains!
Pumpkin Cream Cheese Dip
Are you tired of trying to come up with healthy meals your family will love to eat? Are you sick of making your own meal plans? Well then this eCookbook is perfect for you! After a decade of perfecting 20 meals that are super easy and quick to make, and d
MOPS Craft Idea: DIY Glitter Dipped Feather Name Tag Necklaces for Be You, Bravely - (step by step pictures + instructions)
MUST make No'tmeal + Raisin Cookies from the Whole Smiths! Better than the real thing and are paleo friendly, gluten and grain free and no refined sugars. Pin for your next craving!
Hey Mom, Pinterest Ain't Real Life! - Moms Without Answers
Do you ever find yourself washing the dishes and you look over at your husband and you realize the he, in fact, is not washing the dishes? In fact, he doesn’t seem to be doing much at all… and you’re pretty sure he got a nap today. You didn’t get a nap today. In fact, you did 100 things besides take a nap today. So why are you doing dishes again? Oh right, because you’re the maid, not the wife. Does this thought process pang a little close to your heart? Does it sound familiar?
Looking for an easy dessert to make? These yummy lime cooler bars are the perfect balance of sweet and tart with a cookie crust. Plus they are easy to make too.
A sauce made from sriracha, honey, soy sauce, ginger, garlic, and a few other simple ingredients give this Asian Chicken Stir-Fry the perfect balance of flavor. It's quick, easy, and SO, SO good! Plus, learn how to quickly "velvet" your chicken to create
Cheesy Broccoli Casserole is the perfect side dish to any meal. Easy to prepare, tastes delicious and is a crowd pleaser! A family favorite recipe!
Are you willing to #talkpay? How can transparency and open dialogue around income help or harm freelancers? Will you #talkpay and share your freelance rates
Blog Income Report and Traffic Stats - March 2016 - Cash Flow Diaries
BBQ Shortribs from What The Fork Food Blog | whattheforkfoodblog.com
Create 365 Happy Planner: How I Use My Planner & a Review of the Happy Planner
Some comments can drive parents crazy. These are the ones I've heard, whether about my kids or other parents'. See if you're guilty of saying these 4 things you definitely shouldn't say about other people's children.
Here's an interview that will show you how to work from home selling on Amazon FBA. Jessica is extremely successful in this area and shares her best tips!
This is hands down the world's best chili recipe. It is great for Whole 30, clean eating, low carb diets, weight watchers and more. www.momswithoutanswers.com
DIY Mobile Laundry Station :: Instructions on HoosierHomemade.com
February's Monthly Meal Plan: recipes with links & a free printable calendar for monthly meal planning.
Create a passive income dividend strategy with this simple process. Understand how dividend investing compares to other passive income myths
Chickens not laying as much? Check out these great Tips To Help Your Chickens Lay More Eggs!
Need to increase your family's income? You don't have to work outside the home to do it and you don't have to settle for pennies. Make good money from home by writing for Textbroker!
Where to Shop for Healthy Food
Protein Pasta, canned diced tomatoes and lean ground beef make a delicious meal in under 30 minutes|Freshfitkitchen.com
DIY Microwavable Heating Pad | The Happy Housewife
Delicious and Easy to Make Monkey Bread
Budgeting Basics
Fall centerpiece
Spicy Dry Rub for Chicken ~ seriously amazing! | The Happy Housewife
Ginger Turmeric Lemon Cream Bars (Free From: gluten & grains, dairy, nuts, added oils, and refined sugar)
Paper Plate Bubble Wrap Jellyfish - Kid Craft
Creation Day 1 Day and Night Craft  |   Easy, inexpensive craft for sharing Day 1 of the Creation Story at children's church, Sunday School, or VBS. | Kid's craft that includes photo tutorial
Here's a great list of baby gear you DON'T need! Save some extra money by skipping the overrated baby items.
This layered Strawberry Cream Cheese Coffee Cake made with fresh strawberries, a cream cheese filling, and streusel topping is a delicious summer treat!
Don't toss your used banana peels! Use them around your home! You won't believe these 10 ways to reuse banana peels!
Delicious Chia Seed Recipes - Who knew there were so many different ways to incorporate chia seeds into your diet. #6 is my favorite!
Want to pay off your debt quickly and effectively? I paid off my debt in 3 years on a low salary - and I can help you too!
I'm not sure how I went so long without knowing this easy trick to getting dust off of the lamps shades.
Easy Dump Truck Cake | Birthday Cake for boys
As we start our financial journey we're told over and over to save, save, save...what about wealth? Where does that come into play?
Learn how you can buy a car with cash using Craigslist.
This porch went from boring to welcoming and fun in no time and on a budget! #ad
Is the love of money the problem?  This questions raises some issues for all of us to think about as we pursue greater wealth.  Find out why.
My favorite flowers for a cutting garden! Easy to start, blooms all season long, great for cutting and filling your garden with color! Dahlia, zinnia, sunflower, daisy, and other hardy, low-maintenance plants with LOTS of flowers.
Has your relationship been a little rocky lately? The problem may not be what you think, but thankfully, the solution is easy!
Iced Vanilla Lattes For a Crowd. Perfect for a brunch! So easy to make and so much more affordable than buying the pre made bottles!
Make inexpensive pillow covers from cozy repurposed shirts. DIY and budget friendly! Easy to follow tutorial.
We're focussed on paying off the mortgage on our home. A mortgage-free house provides options and financial security, not to mention a consistent home environment for my boys.
This Roasted Pineapple and Orange Salad with Israeli couscous and fresh mint is like an exotic vacation in your mouth! Click through for funny how-to video and recipe!
Here are 21 flexible side gigs that pay over $20 per hour. - The Penny Hoarder http://www.thepennyhoarder.com/part-time-job-20-an-hour/
Getting started with your personal finances can be easy if you focus on these five biggest topics. Follow this step-by-step guide to getting started on your personal finance plan!
Make any room look bigger with these 14 most popular paint colors. Bonus tip: Paint walls and trim the same color to create the illusion of high ceilings. In general, the lighter the color, the bigger and brighter the room will appear.
Simple Chicken Potstickers - Super easy and freezer friendly! Recipe @ NomingthruLife.com
Did you know we meal plan for 6 months at a time and buy what we need in bulk? It's what allows us to spend about $200 a month TOTAL for all of our food… grass fed, organic everything.
If you've never tried making soap before - this heavenly scented orange clove olive oil soap is the recipe to try! Very easy to make and customize. This would make such a lovely gift! #handmade
The Best Zucchini Bread Ever! This is the recipe you've been waiting for!  Moist and delicious!
Seriously tender, deliciously buttery, perfectly moist Vanilla Pound Cake. Serve it with fresh fruit and whipped cream for dessert, or have a slice with your morning coffee. Learn the secrets to making this classic cake.
There are many things that you can trip up when you are moving out on your own from your parents home for the first time. Don't let them trip you up.
DIY Industrial Farmhouse Bathroom Vanity
We LOVE homemade pizza, and this is the best homemade pizza dough recipe I've made. It comes up thick, yet still fluffy, and the flavor is amazing. Best of all, it's a quick dough recipe so you can have your pizza in the oven in no time!
Orange Roll Bake - This is a breakfast recipe that can be done in about 30 minutes. | Savorystyle.com
A round up of 27 fresh & healthy pasta dishes. #recipes
5 Strategies to Supercharge Debt Payoff
Fresh Green Beans with Prosciutto topped with pine nuts and vinaigrette for your holiday meal! The Foodie Affair
As a college student, you’ve probably gotten used to the lifestyle of ramen noodles for dinner every night and making your laundry last as long as possible before washing it. Devoting your time to your studies can have a terrible effect on your wallet. If you want to make a little extra money for more convenience and comfort, there are a few ways to get a little bit of cash without sacrificing your studies. Here are simple ways you can make some extra sources of income while in college.
Are you pregnant and about to be a first-time mom? Read practical advice first time moms need to hear from other been-there, done-that moms.
Comfort Food, slow cooker recipes, Chicken Dumpling Soup
We love taking this Nature Scavenger hunt when we go hiking with our kids.  It is also a great activity to take camping.
Easter Egg Tart Potato Nests. This fancy looking perfect Easter egg appetizer lis Quick and Easy, and makes a perfect brunch table! Gluten free and only 80 calories! Recipe with step by step photos to prepare this in a snap! #Eastertaining www.twopurplefigs.com
Dairy Free Strawberry Tart Recipe - Serve up a side of summer with this deliciously awesome strawberry tart recipe! Easy to make and dairy-free too!
The perfect princess birthday cake
Whether you're a solopreneur, a freelancer, or a micro business owner, you should consider a credit card for your side hustle. Here's what you need to know. - http://www.doughroller.net/credit-cards/business-credit-card-side-hustle/?utm_campaign=coschedule&utm_source=pinterest&utm_medium=Dough%20Roller&utm_content=When%20and%20How%20to%20Get%20a%20Business%20Credit%20Card
The Trinity Bag is a triple zipper pouch all joined together and closed with a flap and with a removable strap. I've never seen a pattern for a bag like this before - I need one!
// kitchen island with removable dovetail boxes; not sure about the grey colour though
These chocolate orange overnight oats lay down the foundation for a perfect morning! If you're all about eating your favorite desserts in a guilt free, breakfast form then this 5 minute, vegan quick fix is just for you! www.itscheatdayeveryday.com
A refreshing take on the fruit salad: Quinoa Salad with Mango and Blueberries in a Lemon Mint Dressing #summer_salad #healthy #easy_dish
A collection of cute and clever ideas for organizing craft materials - many of them are using common objects in new ways
10 Neutral Rugs That Will Make A Statement In Your Home. thedempsterlogbook.com
30-Day LEGO Challenge - free printable instant download!
S'mores Thumbprints - a small graham cracker cookie topped with marshmallows and chocolate. the-girl-who-ate-everything.com
Love no bake cookies? Try this healthy no bake oatmeal cookie recipe. Less sugar and some fun alternative ingredients make this a great easy recipe.
WriteShop Primary A Review
Treasures await inside our freezers! Declutter your freezer, make space, and find some yummy food to eat up this week.
Menu Planning Made Easy - It doesn't have to take forever or be complicated.  This will save our family so much time and help us eat healthier too!
A gluten free Veggie Noodle Lemon Pasta with Burrata, Hazelnuts & Dates that is low in calories, but big in flavour with sweet potato noodles and beets.
How much do you REALLY need to achieve financial freedom? It might be less than…
salmon-patties
Homemade Pumpkin Spice Latte Recipe that skips the chemical pumps and uses REAL pumpkin.
Scrambled Egg Breakfast Muffins on SixSistersStuff
These easy pork tacos will knock your socks off! Make those hectic back to school dinners even easier by utilizing your slow cooker for this recipe. Features an additional recipe for Cilantro Aioli that makes the tacos taste like you just ordered them from a taco truck! #pork #GetBackToPork #recipe #dinner #taco #WeaveMadeMedia #deliciousInMinutes
roasted pumpkin, cheese & arugula bruschetta.
Wonder Dressing: Natural Furniture Polish
Summer Activities for Kids Series: Indoor Activities
Use these 5 tips for organizing your bathroom & keeping it that way!
The Trinity Bag is a triple zipper pouch all joined together and closed with a flap and with a removable strap. I've never seen a pattern for a bag like this before - I need one!
We've all wasted money at some point in our lives. I know for a fact that I could definitely do a better job at saving more money on energy and food. Here's a list of 60+ money saving tips you could start using today! www.howtoliveinth... #savemoney
If you're looking for the perfect fall cocktail, this sparkling Apple Ginger Stone Wall Cocktail is made with muddled ginger, apple cider, and bourbon.
Classic French Toast recipe with a secret ingredient that makes them perfectly fluffy! One of our family's favorite breakfasts! Recipe on TastesBetterFromScratch.com
Here are some things to keep in mind before you start the process of downsizing your home. It can be tough but the payoff is so worth it.
Mrs Major Hoff (Sara) from Major Hoff Takes A Wife takes us on her new craft and sewing studio! You won't believe how she got so much in one little room!
Free Things to do in San Francisco
Check out the EASIEST way to increase your monthly income.
Do you have to get a new mower every few years? Check out these tips on How To Make Your Mower Last Longer! reusegrowenjoy.co...
Homemade Butter is a great activity to get the kids involved with. All you need is heavy cream and a lot of agitation,that's where the kids…
Ready to get out of debt for good? The debt snowball method can help you do exactly that, because it’s both highly motivating and effective. http://www.thedebtmyth.com/debt-snowball-method-explained/
Beer Soup + Crispy Chickpeas - Simple creamy beer soup that's topped with crispy roasted chickpeas, makes for a super easy and delicious weeknight meal. (Vegan & GF) | RECIPE at http://NomingthruLife.com
How To Get Great Deals At Bath & Body Works
Free printable art from the Logbook.  Receive 3 free pieces of artwork designed to encourage you, delivered right to your inbox!  www.thedempsterlogbook.com
Our emotions are often the culprit to not only making us broke but keeping us broke. Find out the what they are and how you can combat them from getting the best of your budget.
Are Extended Warranties Worth It or A Waste Of Money - Are extended warranties worth it? Retailers are pushing extended warranties with more fervor than ever, and consumers are buying. But in almost every case, they are a bad deal for consumers.
These Harry Potter inspired chocolate frogs with boxes to match are so easy to make and add a fantastic touch to any Harry Potter party, event, or just a theme lunchbox snack!
Healthy Grilled Chicken Avocado Pitas are the perfect Summer Treat! Made with Greek Yogurt. - The Cookie Rookie
Christmas Tree Baby Foot Print Ornaments made with homemade Air Dry Clay
25+ Breakfast Crock Pot Recipes ~ Everything from cinnamon rolls, breakfast casseroles, oatmeal and a whole bunch of other amazing things all made in your Crock Pot! ~ http://www.julieseatsandtreats.com
All my “Money Making Ideas” articles in one place!    Click the Pic for great…
Get a good start on clearing out paper clutter by getting rid of just 50 pieces of paper. You'll be surprised how quickly you can get rid of 50 items!
Needa reliable car, but are on a limited budget? See how we scored a deal on Craigslist that saved us thousands of dollars.
10 Lists That Will Save You Money at the Store
Cook hash browns in a waffle iron for extra crispy goodness. (This pin may have changed my culinary life!)
If you've ever considered starting a blog, this post is a must-read. It takes you through the five tasks you MUST complete in order to set up your blog and puts you on the right path to profit from your blog.
DIY Starbucks Chai Tea Latte Recipe
Visit the Smart Money, Simple Life blog to learn more about saving money, paying off debt, earning extra cash and frugal living skills. Do it today, take control of your budget and start living your best life! smartmoneysimplelife.com
Easy DIY St.Patricks Day Vinyl T-shirt. No machine required! www.momswithoutanswers.com
The Pumpkin Bread Rolls, are cute and delicious.  SUPER easy to make  and go great with a nice bowl of soup or stew or even for your Thanksgiving meal!
If you've got student loans and looking for a way to pay it off, read my student loan repayment strategy here! You might just get some ideas you can use. // Smart Woman Blog
How To Clean Electronic Screens
Homemade Taco Seasoning - Make your own DIY taco spice mix for tacos…
Butternut squash risotto with mushroom - This recipe is a must-make and it’s definitely the most delicious meal that I’ve made all month. It’s a butternut squash risotto with mushroom, garlic, and finely grated asiago cheese. So creamy, so easy to make, and tastes 10x better than the restaurant kind. It’s also what I consider to be a healthier version than most risottos and is vegetarian (and simple to convert to a vegan version). - savorytooth.com
Homemade Cinnamon Rolls - Pioneer Woman Recipe
Tackling one of my most frustrating laundry issues...dingy whites!  Check out my miracle whitening solution for turning dirty, dingy, grimy and stained clothes and bedding into white, bright, fresh and clean!
Looking for a great farmhouse living room? This Fixer Upper HGTV Living Room is one of my favorites. I'll show you how to get the look on a tight budget!
Butterfinger Overload Brownies are the very best quick and easy chocolate peanut butter dessert that's better than anything you've ever tasted.
A great list of books for parents who love to read. There are a couple of books about the HOW and why of reading with your kids, and a few books that bookish parents will love reading with even the littlest children.
DIY homemade perfume is so easy to make and contains zero nasty ingredients!!
Mein Pumpkin Pull Apart Bread
Kanela und Lemon: Weihnachten Linzer Plätzchen.   Mit Rezepte Links, sie finden aber auch alle Rezepte bei mir!
Holy frijoles! Did you know the best survey sites pay cash and rewards for taking surveys? It's true. Find a list of the 12 best survey sites in 2016 here!
Wouldn't it be so awesome to get paid to listen and review music? Well, now you can through these 9 different websites! www.howtoliveinth...
Grazer Schnitten
Brett & Laura launched out on an incredible journey to debt freedom. Through teamwork and commitment, they successfully paid off $42,000 in just 14 months! Their journey had it’s ups and downs, but they remained intensely focused and ultimately persevered their way to debt freedom.
Need to save $550 for your holiday budget?  It's easy with my super simple plan.  Learn  how easy it really is!
Slow Cooker Cauliflower Mash tastes just like mashed potatoes with less calories and carbs!
Sensory Oral Needs Why we still use sippy cups in my house
An easy foolproof recipe for roasted chickpeas flavored with Indian Masala. This recipe is sure shot way to get super crunchy chickpeas or chanas.
Slow cooker cranberry apple cider with cinnamon - Try your hand at making homemade cranberry apple cider — in a crockpot! This recipe calls for slow cooking fruits such as apples, oranges, and cranberries plus some cinnamon sticks tossed in. Your house will smell great afterwards! - savorytooth.com
Light & fluffy Eggnog Cupcakes piled high with Eggnog Buttercream. Perfect for a holiday party, or present to yourself!
Turkey Bolognese Spaghetti Squash Boats
Can You Split a Retirement Plan Rollover Between Pretax and Post-tax?
Mrs. Fancy Pants Turkey Bacon Panini by Modern Honey. Turkey + Crispy Bacon + Sweet Bosc Pear + Fig Jam + Arugala all on buttered sourdough bread.
14 Things You Don't Think of When Wedding Planning
Crowdfunding Real Estate Investing is becoming increasingly popular for folks who want to get into real estate. For those who don't want boring REITs or dive into flipping homes, crowdfunding offers a fascinating alternative. | Real Estate Investment Strategies | How to Start Investing in Crowdfunded Real Estate | Investment Tips and Tricks | Tips and Tricks to Start Investing in Real Estate || Wallet Hacks
Key Lime Tartlets -- these tasty little treats only take about 10 minutes of prep time, and are always a hit! | gimmesomeoven.com
THE BEST Slow Cooker Green Burritos
4 ingredient cake mix cookie bars
If you're worried at all about your budget and are not sure where your money is going, start by taking a good look at the amount you spend on restaurants and eating out.
DIY Reusable Dryer Sheets - Looking for a great way to cut your laundry costs? These DIY Reusable Dryer Sheets are just the ticket! You'll never buy fabric softener sheets again after you try these! All natural, chemical free and budget friendly too!
Many people assume that all actors and artists are mostly starving artists. Is this really true? I'm sharing what's a myth and what's true!
Mannequin dress form with paper wreaths!
How to Pay off $8,400 in Debt in Just 90 Days #debt Get out of Debt Debt Free
If you are looking for some easy weeknight meals, then this Doritos Loco taco casserole is perfect for you! 30 minutes to make from scratch or only 15 minutes if you make the meat ahead of time! This is no joke the best meal I have made in a looooong time.
Taco Pizza Rolls - taco meat and cheese rolled up in pizza dough and topped with your favorite taco toppings. the-girl-who-ate-everything.com
Blogger Income Report: What worked, What didn't & how to make money with a blog
Saigon Cinnamon Ginger Cookies - Sweet crunchy-chewy sugar cookies with cinnamon and ginger flavor! Some of the best cookies I've ever eaten!
Shrimp & Veggie Stir Fry Recipe - Seafood fans will love this freezer cooking recipe!
Here are 10 winter themed crafts for kids that use handprints and fingerprints. I've also included book and music suggestions so that you can have a multi-sensory activity.
Potato, Green Chile and Corn Chowder
Glazed Carrots
5 More Rules For Weight Loss
Jacob Wade's journey to debt freedom was an incredible one. With a lot of hard work Jacob was able to successfully eliminate $38,000 of debt to become debt free. As a young man, Jacob found himself with $100,000 in his bank account. Unfortunately, through series of poor choices, he spent all of it.
Gezuckerte Cranberries – Sparkling Cranberries
Chick-Fil-A Copycat Chicken Sandwich: Yum! Skip the restaurant and make this…
9 Steps to a successful garage sale! #DIY #frugalliving #hacks #tips #garagesale
My latest food blogging income report: learn how I nearly doubled my income this month!
10 Tips To Making Healthy Choices While on the Road
This loaded sweet potato casserole is a perfect way to make a healthy casserole that can be eaten for breakfast, lunch or dinner! Click through for a video tutorial and the recipe.
12 Fun and Easy Tips for Gardening with Kids. With these fun ideas, the whole family will be enjoying the garden this year! (My kids think #9 is the coolest thing ever!)
Thai Basil Beef: thinly sliced beef, bell peppers, and Thai basil combine into this fast, flavorful dish.  Make your own gluten-free Thai takeout in under 15 minutes! {Bunsen Burner Bakery}
Tea sandwiches are the perfect food for any type of tea party. Click through to see how to throw a vintage inspired garden party! Perfect for wedding shower or bridal shower.
Crock Pot Chocolate Chip French Toast - French toast just got so much much better with this easy crock pot version. It's bite size and fun to eat!
24 Passive Income Ideas to Make Money While You Sleep
If you love Tacos, try these easy Taco Egg Rolls. A taco rolled up into an egg roll and fried. Kid friendly, spouse approved, easy weeknight meal!
Another pinner said- Warning: if you make this cake once, you will be asked to make it again!! Possibly the most loved cake I have ever made!  * checked this out- 7 ingredients and only 20 min prep time :)
Look at this GIANT list of Free Homeschool Curriculum and Resources. If you aren’t a homeschooler, but you’re a parent, teacher, babysitter, or nanny, you’ll probably find at least a few useful freebies in this list.
skinny chicken pesto bake
Here'a a tutorial on how to make this awesome wall photo display - - just mount the pictures and seal it with mod podge - - love this!!  Sugar Bee Crafts: Photo Wall Art - Portrait Display
Bulletin Board... love the burlap!!!!
My Easter bulletin board
12 Science Activities for Kids You Can Do Right Now! (Lots of great STEM activities) ~ BuggyandBuddy.com
12 natural carnelian stones  ($5)
Peaches and Cream Breakfast Smoothie 4 from willcookforsmiles.com
peanut butter cookies
11 Vegetarian Make Ahead Crockpot Recipes
decorate classroom doors
Printing on Fabric = $1 Art
Angel Chicken slow cooker
Michael Kors Embellished Neckwarmer | Bloomingdale's
Creamy mushroom pasta with caramelized onions and spinach
baked egg rolls
Sugar cookies make a favorite little cookie recipe for so many. Get this family-favorite chewy sugar cookie recipe that everyone is sure to love.
Brussels Sprouts Breakfast Hash I howsweeteats.com
Garlic and Rosemary Balsamic Roasted Pork Loin - Easy to make, flavorful, incredibly tender pork loin rubbed with a Garlic and Rosemary Balsamic mixture makes for a crowd pleasing dinner with very little effort.
A collection of easy Science activities for preschoolers and kindergarteners.
Banana+Pudding+Cheesecake+Blondies+and+GIVEAWAY!
BCBGeneration Color-Blocked Lace Dress | Bloomingdale's
Fresh Garlic Spinach
My Little Sunshines - Freezer Meal Tips and Recipes | A Guest Post - My Little Sunshines
This slow cooker chicken enchilada soup recipe only takes about 10 minutes of prep time, and it is oh-so-delicious and comforting.
Pregnant Street Style: 35 Cool Maternity Outfit Ideas | StyleCaster
67 most pinned gluten-free Recipes Top
Spring Blueberry Lemon Pudding Cheesecake Cake
one pot chili mac
These Peanut Butter Cup Cookie Cups from SixSistersStuff.com are so amazing!
24 Recipes for a Crock Pot Thanksgiving
20 packable on-the-go Paleo Lunches
Red Velvet & White Cake Mix Cookies
Hydrogen Peroxide Magic
Instant Pot Red beans and rice is a flavorful dish that you can make without having to wait all day, and you do not have to presoak the beans. | APinchOfHealthy.com
Silver star wreath. Stars and evergreens for Christmas??? I could do that. With glitter? Even better.
Sparkling Cranberry Punch... Sparkling wine, lemon-lime soda and cranberry juice! Three easy ingredients!
Power salad: chicken, avocado, pine nuts, feta cheese, tomatoes and spinach.
Wreaths
Types of Cloth Diapers {My Favorites!}
activities for preschoolers - letter H activities & lesson for various ages
101 fashion tips & tricks
DIY:: Book Page Flower Tutorial
Mango Banana Smoothie
Biscuit Pizza
Backyard entertaining at its finest! #Zillow
15 Soups & Stews Perfect For Fall
A Tale of Two Donkeys
Southwestern Grilled Sweet Potato Salad
20 thanksgiving activities for kids
Crock Pot Greek Roast
Free printable - festive garland light strand invite!
Using your Freezer to Aid your Money Saving Couponing Efforts: What Can I Freeze?!
Blood On The Tongue by Stephen Booth Ben Cooper & Diane Fry Series book 3 http://mysterysequels.com/blood-on-the-tongue-by-stephen-booth.html
Shrimp Dip: An Easy, Go-To, Appetizer - rockabyeparents.com
Chicken #Bacon And Cheese #Lasagna Rollups #Recipe
Stocking
Gluten Free Crock Pot Meals | Play 2 Learn with Sarah
Cheesy Scrambled Eggs & Ham, my absolute favorite breakfast to make, especially on the weekends. #breakfast #eggs #brunch #breakfastfordinner #GreatDayFarms #ad
How you spend your minutes is how you spend your life. Learn these 3 time management rules today--before any more minutes slip through your fingers.
Easy Homemade Vegetable Noodle Soup - Pandora's Deals
NM: A Visual Dictionary of Unique Santa Fe Architecture #architecture
Sweet Coleslaw Salad
This week for dinner and goals for the week- awesome printables to help organize your life!
{Pretzel Rolo Turtles } We always make these every year, but we use pretzel rings!
I love this, so sweet!
Honeyed Grapefruit Oat Scones
8 Great Blogs with Weight Watchers Recipes …  Blogs with Weight Watchers Recipes are very popular for those who want to lose weight, eat healthy, and learn how to serve delicious but …
Stove top Mac and Cheese - Erren's Kitchen -  This recipe for Stove top Mac and Cheese is quick and super easy! It’s truly Comfort food never tasted at it’s finest! - www.errenskitchen.com
My Happy Morning Routine With Baby. 6 realistic tips that every mom can follow and start the day more energized and happier
Star Wars Birthday Party - Fun food ideas for a kids birthday party...plus a free printable for the food labels
St Patricks Day lucky printables with gift tags, garlands, straw toppers, drinks labels
No Washing Up Ham, Egg  Cheese Bread Bowls
Bacon Corn Dip
Learning how to meal plan is one of the best things you can do for your health. It's easy once you get the hang of it! | Real Food Real Deals
Crock Pot dinners. Buy and chop all ingredients on one day, freeze meals separately, to be tossed into a crock pot for easy dinners throughout the month.  Recipes included.
Free Meal Planning Printables (Inspired by Fall)
Gluten Free Cheese Sticks
The Men of Frozen Cupcakes: Kristoff and Sven
How to make gift bags from any paper!
FUN summer printable activities to keep the kids busy and entertained allll summer long! LOVE this!!
Deviled Egg Potato Salad Recipe - Easy potato salad side dish recipe inspired by devil eggs. Perfect for BBQ, picnics, and cookouts.
These Delicious One-Pot Meals Are So Simple They Can Almost Cook Themselves - For those of us who weren't blessed with Gordon Ramsay's cooking skills, we don't have to resort to a life of takeout and microwaveable meals. These recipes are gifts from the heavens because they're not only super simple, they also require minimal dishwashing! Wins all around!
Check out the Master List of Kids Eat Free (or Almost Free) Deals! What a FANTASTIC list!
How I simplified and organized my house, room by room, with printable checklist
Use Coffee House™ Icing to create your own Cupcake-ccino in 3 easy steps!
DIY Bath Bombs- rumor has it this is the EXACT recipe used by Lush! Just customize with your favorite scent, color, and shape!
Do you feel like you are overrun with stuff? Overwhelmed by the clutter? Get motivated to purge the stuff by learning the Real Cost of Too Much Stuff. It is simply stunning!
15 Ways to Hide Ugly Wires - One Crazy House
Pumpkin Pie Ice Cream Recipe- Super simple fall dessert. No Ice Cream Machine needed.
Melt-in-Your-Mouth Pumpkin Cookies - I just made these cookies and they are AMAZING. Perfect pumpkin recipe and perfect pumpkin cookies. Pin this dessert now and make it this fall!
Get your dog in on the Halloween fun! Make these cute printable treat bag labels for your four-legged trick-or-treaters.
Easy Breakfast Parfaits
27 Little Things You Can Do To Make Thanksgiving So Much Easier - I love the idea of using a coffee thermos to keep your gravy hot until dinner!
Recipes - Best Pumpkin Recipes at the36thavenue.com These are super good!
food truck weddings - photo by Dylan & Sara
Stella York Spring 2016 Bridal Collection - Belle The Magazine
Handmade Christmas ornaments stamped with your children's fingerprints!
Swooned: Aloha State of Mind: A Hawaiian-Inspired Styled Shoot in the Pacific Northwest
Many times it's best to reach for natural remedies for sore throats before going the prescription route. These tips will help you easily battle sore throats without the added chemicals.
pumpkin crepes pinterest
diyfireplacemantel
Glass Stained Window Ornaments Kids Crafts
Roasted Brussels Sprouts and Squash with Dried Cranberries and Dijon Vinaigrette - A delicious, EASY side dish for fall or Thanksgiving!
Happy Thanksgiving - Here is a great page with multiple edible centerpieces for Thanksgiving dinner!
Rudy's Slow-Cooker Creamed Corn is irresistible! - get the recipe at barefeetinthekitchen.com
DIY Star Wars Lightsaber Candles
Salty Peanut Butter S'mores Truffles
Cream of Coconut Bundt Cake
The Perfect Thanksgiving Turkey Recipe
Make Pen and Ink Wood Slice Ornaments in under 15 minutes! Designed by Jen Goode plus a Free Printable for you to use.
One of our very favorite Crock Pot Ham Recipes. Great for spiral or regular cooked ham. Foolproof way of cooking ham in crockpot.
Hasselback Garlic and Herb Baby Potatoes are so crispy and delicious (find out the baking tip to make these crisp)! Ridiculously easy! They are my family's new favorite side dish! | @tasteLUVnourish on TasteLoveAndNourish.com
Cranberry Sage Butter - 3-ingredient holiday butter to add to a beautiful table! Just add cranberry sauce and sliced sage into butter. Delicious on rolls!
Best Ever Cinnamon Rolls
Turn a strip of card stock into a tag that becomes the gift adornment!  by Bev Gerard *Texas Rubber & Ink! #stampinup
"Ahead of the Pack".. leopard love!
Slow Cooker Turkey Chili with Quinoa and Sweet Potatoes
How to create these stunning Rainbow Roses in 3 SIMPLE steps using just food coloring. Oh my goodness.....
Parmesan Scalloped Potatoes
Check out this item in my Etsy shop https://www.etsy.com/listing/264764906/february-is-for-purple-gel-candle-gift
Easy DIY Candy Heart Craft
Some great open free process art ideas for children
Garlic Butter Roasted Carrots - Ridiculously easy, yet tender and SO incredibly delicious roasted carrots with garlic butter.
Creamy Spinach and Cheese Green Chile Enchiladas Recipe
Ricotta Pancakes - Moist, cheesecake like pancakes that will brighten any breakfast morning! - By Let theBakingBeginBlog.com - @Letthebakingbgn
Oatmeal Spice Muffins ~ perfectly spiced with crunchy tops and pillowy centers, making them a wholesome, delicious breakfast on-the-go or anytime snack! | FiveHeartHome.com
Organize Like a Pro in 5 steps. This series will help motivate you into getting organized.
Free Easter Preschool Worksheets - these Easter printables work on a variety of preschool skills.
Sticky Mural for Toddlers:  A super simple indoor activity for toddlers and a great way to use random craft supplies!
Over 90 Sugar-Free Easter Basket Filler Ideas! http://fabulesslyfrugal.com/?p=196706
Handicraftiness: 25 Great Upcycle Ideas for Vintage Children's Books
Chicken in Garlic Mushroom Cream Sauce - Countryside Cravings
Make a beautiful layer cake for spring and decorate it with Cadbury Mini Eggs. Love my mini eggs! ;)
Looking for free printable coloring pages for adults? This fun floral coloring page is perfect - but the kids will want to color it, too!
Easy Potatoes in Foil - You won't believe how easy it is to make potatoes right in foil - simply cut, wrap in foil and bake. Easy clean-up and just so good!
Squirt Gun Water Races Game - Fun Activity Idea for a Kids Summer Party!
DIY color powder for a color fight
Soup Recipes for Easy Meal Planning
One of my favorite quick and easy meal ideas that is also healthy is stir fry.  A little protein with some veggies with a yummy sauce.  Delicious and easy! Stir Fry is one of my favorite ways to use fresh vegetables, especially green beans.  In the summer we always seem to have more green beans than we can use.  Jim usually walks around the neighborhood giving them away. You could use this recipe with any of your favorite veges – corn, snap peas, broccoli, zucchini  – be creative. I like [Con...
Tender, juicy meatloaf stuffed with macaroni and cheese? Oh, yes—and making it is even easier than it might sound.
Learn to Sew with Crazy Little Projects
6 Things to Do with Kids in Oregon
Easy and All-Purpose Shredded Chicken made in the slow cooker. Freeze in portions to use in all your favorite recipes! Flavorful, tender and juicy every time.
Copycat Reese's Peanut Butter Cups Recipe - this recipe is SO GOOD...only five ingredients, and NO cooking required! :) #TXPeanutTour sponsored
Caramel Pumpkin Spice Rice Krispies Treats Pinwheels - my new favorite fall…
DIY Halloween Ghosts Tutorial
30 Fall Outfits to Inspire You
Halloween Candy Bark #recipe via http://justataste.com
LEGO LOVERS! You’ll Love The LEGO Christmas Ornaments Book
DIY Creepy Halloween Hand Picture Frame_Giggles Galore
Meal Prep Carnitas Burrito Bowls - Fit Foodie Finds
Super Easy Salsa Verde. Pan roasted for extra flavor and pureed with garlic, jalapeno, cilantro and lime juice. Only 7 ingredients! Recipe by chefsavvy.com
Printable Goal Setting Template
Paper Basket Bouquet | Step-by-Step | DIY Craft How To’s and Instructions| Martha Stewart
pesto-chicken-4
Shakeology Recipes
Salted Caramel Butter Bars - American Heritage Cooking
A delightfully easy cookie recipe that yields sensational results! I'm sharing three secrets to the perfect shortbread cookies that no one can resist! Make sure to add these easy Cranberry Orange Shortbread Cookies to your holiday baking list this season!
Look at these adorable and easy Candy Cane Reindeer craft idea http://stayingclosetohome.com/december-4th-crafts-and-recipes-fridayfrenzy/
diy lush recipes
perfect Christmas party appetizers
Casual and Cute = My Style
See's chocolate is worth the money because it only takes a bite or 2 to fulfill your craving!
Blackened Chicken and Cilantro Lime Quinoa
What Children Need the Most
This is a simple but pretty purple top $10
Honey, Lemon and Rosemary Grilled Chicken
Never have a bad hair day again with these great hair tips!
Broccoli Cheese Soup Recipe - Crumbs and Chaos #soup #comfortfood  www.crumbsandchaos.net
"Gluten-free (this), Gluten-free (that)."   You hear the term ‘Gluten-Free’ often, but what does it actually mean? (Article)
Chocolate M&M Cookies! Thick, soft, and chewy! http://backforsecondsblog.com #easter #chocolate #m&ms #dessert
Easy Grilled Chicken Thighs | by Life Tastes Good grill up quickly in a Grill Pan! We're talking 10 minutes max folks! That's my kind of busy day dinner! The spice rub is spicy and delicious and works well with the grilled flavor. It's versatile too, so you can add more or less heat depending on how you like it! #grilled #chicken
Who says you can't have Chocolate Cake for Breakfast?  This Mexican Chocolate French Toast with Spiced Blackberry Syrup is rich and decadent - perfect to brunch!  http://cookinginstilettos.com/mexican-chocolate-french-toast-with-spiced-blackberry-syrup/    #BrunchWeek #Chocolate #CincoDeMayo
Ham, Asparagus & Egg Crepes Benedict www.fooddonelight.com
Coconut Lime Rum Refresher #coconut #lime #rum
Quick, easy, and healthy brunch idea! Blueberry Yogurt Dutch Baby Pancake recipe from itsyummi.com #StonyfieldBlogger
Monster Cookie Ice Cream - Oatmeal ice cream with peanut butter, M&M's and chocolate chips. The best ice cream ever!
Flour On My Face | Peach Vanilla Jam | http://flouronmyface.com
Cranberry Streusel Cheesecake Bars | Flavor Mosaic
Balsamic Bacon Green Beans | Flavor Mosaic
Asian Meatballs with Sweet and Spicy Ginger Sauce #shop #drinkTEN Get ready to be the Queen or King of meatballs because these are going to be a favorite of your family and friends. #LowCarb
Pumpkin Scones #PumpkinWeek | a traditional scone with a boost of flavor from crystallized ginger and a white chocolate drizzle!
The Best ColeSlaw Ever | by Life Tastes Good is surprisingly simple to make and uses very few ingredients. It is sweet and tangy and pure coleslaw perfection!
Cheesy Baked Egg Toast | Crazy Adventures in Parenting
Ooey Gooey Lemon Blueberry Cake is full of blueberries with a zesty lemon cream cheese topping.
Bring the game spirit to your dessert table with these triple chocolate OREO cookie balls, dressed as an American football!
Got to make this appetizer!  Healthy, low calorie and fat - Loaded Sweet Potato Fries Bites www.fooddonelight.com
Ravioli Spinach Bake | DizzyBusyandHungry.com - Easy alternative to lasagna and a great meatless dinner the whole family will love!
Hot Spinach and Artichoke Dip
Growth: My Focus for 2015
Raspberry Chocolate Yule Log: A chocolate cake roll filled with raspberry and cream cheese. So easy to make, and a real crowd pleaser - Eazy Peazy Mealz
It's No Bake Cookies on the 8th Day of Cookies at www.Happy2BaHomemaker These are GlutenFree and easy to whip up in no time!
February 2015 Self-Care Calendar
Hot Eats and Cool Reads: 3 Tasty French Fry Dipping Sauce Recipes
Renee's Kitchen Adventures: Sriracha Deviled Eggs with Candied Jalapeno Peppers A fabulous twist from plain old deviled eggs! #eggs #Easter #Giveaway
Easy and Quick Crab Dip - Creamy crab dip is so easy and can be ready in about 20 minutes. Recipes, Food and Cooking
Broccoli Pesto Mushroom Grilled Cheese | DizzyBusyandHungry.com - Delicious, hearty grilled cheese sandwich perfect for lunch or a quick and easy dinner!
Take Your Blog To The Next Level – Win A FREE Entrance To The Elite Blogging Academy {$399 value}!
Red, White, and Blue Parfaits | by Life Tastes Good make the perfect dessert for our holiday weekend. The patriotic colors bring that festive feel, and because these parfaits are made with less carbs, we can enjoy this tasty holiday treat without all the guilt! #SundaySupper
Easy and delicious weekend breakfast! Classic comfort food! Hashbrown and Egg Breakfast Bake Recipe from Hot Eats and Cool Reads
Roasted Rosemary Dijon Potatoes | by Renee's Kitchen Adventures - Easy recipe for a healthy potato side dish with pizzazz!
Sure to be a new family favorite! Beefy Tomato Macaroni Soup from Hot Eats and Cool Reads
How to clean and restore your hardwood floors organically - Debbiedoos
Mexican Chicken Pizza from EricasRecipes.com
Smothered Crock Pot Pork Chops is one of my favorite winter meals! Just a few minutes or prep for an easy and comforting dinner!
Just grated cheese and black pepper makes the sauce for this light and tasty dish!
GraphicRiver North American Indian girl 705914. Stock Vector \ Characters
Roasted Strawberry Crème Fraîche Ice Cream - Quite possibly the best strawberry ice cream you will ever eat! Incredibly delicious!
Sage & Brown Butter Pasta with Hazelnuts
Fall Cocktail: Vanilla Pear Cocktail with Crown Royal Regal Apple Whiskey
Apple Pie Cake Recipe - from RecipeGirl.com #fall #baking #apples
Slow Cooker Mac and Cheese
Tomato, cucumber, avocado salad
This easy Tuscan bean soup is the perfect meal for stormy weather and busy weeknights! It’s Monday! You know what that means, right? My dog is barking like an insane fool at the garbage collection trucks and I’m sharing another 30 Minute Monday recipe! In this week’s edition of 30MM (<– see what I did …
Garlic Butter Fettuccine with Chicken and Zucchini - So buttery, so garlicky, and just so creamy! Made with lemon-herb chicken and crisp-tender zucchini.
Slow Cooker Garlic Parmesan Potatoes - Crisp-tender potatoes with garlicky parmesan goodness. It's the easiest side dish you will ever make in the crockpot!
Ultimate Weight Watchers Recipes Collection (Plus Tools to Get You Started and Keep You on Track!)
Lemongrass Chicken Satay with Almond Butter Dipping Sauce - Easy prep and packed with flavor!
Avocado Pasta - The easiest, most unbelievably creamy avocado pasta. And it'll be on your dinner table in just 20 min!
Easy Grilled Chicken - The best and easiest marinade ever - no-fuss and packed with so much flavor! You'll never need another grilled chicken recipe again!
Artwork from Artghost
Thai Turkey Meatballs
Pork Ginger Potstickers - Super easy, freezer-friendly potstickers made completely from scratch. So hearty AND healthier than take-out!
Raw Vegan Cacao Coconut Cashew Balls - these naturally sweet treats are gluten free, dairy free and free from refined sugar | TastingPage.com
Shrimp and Asparagus in a Lemon Sauce.
Chinese Broccoli (Gai Lan) with Oyster Sauce
Under the Sea/Mermaid Birthday Party Ideas | Photo 32 of 54 | Catch My Party
100 Christmas and Holiday Sayings for Crafters by cuttingforbusiness.com
Chicken Fajita Bubble - Up Bake
4 Ingredient Mango Green Smoothie — Tastes like a tropical vacation! Sweet, creamy, healthy and filled with vitamins. Kids love it too! {vegan, gluten free, and dairy free with no sugar added!} Healthy recipe made with @almondbreeze #greensmoothierecipe #ad #mangosmoothie
Do you have a budding engineer in the family? Check out these 25 simple activities for little engineers! #5 is my favorite!
Easy Crock Pot Salsa Verde Chicken - Loaded with salsa verde and delicious chopped tomatoes, this healthy crock pot chicken is incredibly flavorful and extremely easy to make.
Smoked Salmon and Cream Cheese Cucumber Bites - A quick, light appetizer that takes just minutes to assemble! Always a hit at parties! These fly off the brunch table.
Easy No Bake Peanut Butter Bars Recipe
Classic Winter Makeup Tutorial | Gabrielle Guglielmelli
Paleo Breakfast Smoothie Recipes
Street Corn Nachos - Tortilla chips topped a creamy monterey jack cheese sauce, toasted corn, crumbled cotija, chili powder and cilantro. Perfect for a game day gathering or fiesta!
Santa Fe Chicken Salad #oldelpaso #spon
Delicious Pineapple Upside Down Pancakes! Enjoy the classic cake for BREAKFAST instead! ~ http://www.grandbaby-cakes.com
Creamy and healthy slow cooker apple cinnamon steel cut oatmeal cooked with maple syrup and vanilla. Add your favorite toppings like fruits and nuts! The Foodie Affair
Street Corn Nachos - Tortilla chips topped a creamy monterey jack cheese sauce, toasted corn, crumbled cotija, chili powder and cilantro. Perfect for a game day gathering or fiesta!
Do you celebrate Lent? Here are 5 Unique Lent Ideas To Try This Year! What are you doing to celebrate?
Healthy Four Ingredient Breakfast Brownies- You won't believe these flourless brownies have no butter, oil or sugar yet are moist, gooey and tender! {vegan, gluten free, paleo recipe}- thebigmansworld.com
Sriracha Garlic Toasts with Shrimp from afarmgirlsdabbles.com
How+To+Grow+Your+Sponge+and+Eat+It+Too
Roasted Vegetables - The easiest, simplest, and BEST way to roast vegetables - perfectly tender and packed with so much flavor!
Coconut-Oil-Honey-Brown-Sugar-Lip-Scrub.jpg (320×480)
Pan Seared Scallops with Bacon Cream Sauce - Scallops that are pan seared to tender, golden perfection on a bed of creamy and cheesy bacon sauce.
Mountain Pine Whiskey Cooler
Creamy Crock Pot Chicken Wild Rice Soup is a decadent soup recipe you throw in your slow cooker & come home to an amazing meal that'll warm you on cold days
Crock Pot White Chicken Chili | www.diethood.com | Packed with all the Southwestern flavors that we love, this chili is beyond delicious, healthy, and chock full of chicken, corn, tomatoes, and beans. Beer, too. For good measure.
The BEST Chicken Fajitas are incredibly simple with no marinating step. Just chop then sizzle. Tastes just like a restaurant’s version! | iowagirleats.com
Slow Cooker Thai Spicy Peanut Chicken http://www.dizzybusyandhungry.com/slow-cooker-thai-spicy-peanut-chicken/
20160427_0634351
Shrimp Summer Rolls with Peanut Hoisin Dipping Sauce – Love the colors in these FRESH homemade Vietnamese style spring rolls! Weight Watchers Smart Points: 4 • Calories: 138 per roll with sauce
Here’s a different kind of taco–stuffed with creamy chicken divan and topped with buttered cracker crumbs. Make plenty because these will disappear fast!:
Coconut, Vanilla & Almond Butter Smoothie - The Housewife in Training Files
Turkey Minestrone Soup | by Renee's Kitchen Adventures - Healthy and easy recipe for a comforting soup that is made from several of your Holiday meal leftovers!  Also great meatless!
Rhubarb Dream Bars by Noshing With The Nolands - A creamy rhubarb custard nestled into a flaky butter crust. The perfect spring dessert recipe.
Tips on how to choose to have a better attitude in your life.
homemade twix
Enjoy perfect BBQ chicken indoors with this quick and easy Stovetop Barbecue Chicken Recipe!
HOW TO DYE RAINBOW FLOWERS
The best pumpkin cheesecake bars -- two layers like a cheesecake with pumpkin pie topping PLUS a delicious cinnamon crust and streusel! Top with caramel
The Best Buttermilk Ranch Chicken Recipe - familyfreshmeals.com - The family…
Hamburger Steaks with Mushroom Gravy -easy comfort food that won’t break the bank! Rich mushroom gravy over tender hamburger steaks is a great weeknight dinner.
Pumpkin Spice Crumb Bars - easy pumpkin dessert cookie recipe
easy-mexican-chicken-satay-recipe-jenniferppriest
Dinner is quick, healthy, and easy with this Sheet Pan Lemon, Garlic & Herb Salmon with Asparagus recipe! It's a family-favorite!
"AlarmTalk for iOS wakes you with the weather and your appointments" ($1.99)
Au café
French Lesson
French Lesson Video: French Lesson 6
Madame Belle Feuille: Classroom Mission Statements - Questions to guide the process, lots of examples, French and English.
Great French Online games and activities. Try them out with your class!
Holiday: Free handout for making French valentines
Cool looking blog with authentic sources! http://authenticspanishlanguageandpedagogy.blogspot.com/
I am too tired to be lovable
The Castle of Colors. (Bilingual)With this craftivity your students will never forget the names of the colors. You can use it to teach the colors...
how to curl hair the right way
Prier
Summer in Paris
15 French Expressions with worksheets and answer key   test...
Si te vas - Shakira (Letra)
des maisons
Children Spanish Flashcards: Playing Make Believe (11 Cards)
Beverly Hills 90210 - Brenda & Donna in Paris. A good clip to show students why they should learn how to read a menu in French!
Spring Printouts Spanish ~ Spanish for Kids ~ http://www.chillola.com
All you would need to know about France #France Fast Facts
B2 - El "nuevo" trabajador vs. el "viejo" trabajador. ¿Qué opinas del teletrabajo?
Online Language Courses
qui est-ce "les personnes"
French Numbers (1)
poster para la clase
Learn Spanish Songs - Blanca Navidad (White Christmas) Luis Miguel
Los colores (ejercicio)
Yum! Learning a 2nd language should taste good!
¡Me occure a mí también!
Echar de menos
Pour frissonner de peur : des albums et des jeux autour du loup.
A1 - ¿Recordáis este juego? Es el "¿Quién es quién?". Es muy bueno para practicar la descripción física. Por ejemplo, si yo digo: Soy una mujer, llevo sombrero y gafas, tengo el pelo corto y soy pelirroja, ¿quién soy?
Revista Barbar: Dos problemas y medio
Preposiciones
Everyday French - School - use this clip to introduce unit on school.
10 HERRAMIENTAS PARA MAESTROS  CREATIVOS
Partes del cuerpo
...
Cavallini Paris Paper Tape. £11.50, via Etsy.
Actividad de acentos o tildes (B1) ~ Los acentos: explicación y actividad online con audio | ProfeDeELE.es
Long John Silver. Tome I. Lady Vivian Hastings. #français
French Grammar Quick Review for Students and Teachers. http://www.Examville.com #French #grammar #languages #travel #school #teaching #teachers #studyaids #college
Joyeux Anniversaire de la part des chats... Happy birthday...
Using Onomatopoeia in Spanish
Fictions historiques
French Cheeses
Les Adverbes de Temps=Adverbs of time.
Prepositions
Prépositions
expressions de lieu
palette de couleurs
free - telling time file folder game
FREE! Use student interest in texting and twitter in order to get some quick formative assessment feedback through these two templates.
Ñ IS AN N WITH A MUSTACHE. Watch this 1:30 min video where Michael Peña encourages English-speakers to use the letter Ñ when speaking Spanish. It is so funny, that it deserves a LIKE and a Repin!
.The Three Bears Puppets
Spanish Colors Crossword & Image IDs Worksheet - Los Colores by Sue Summers
5 Easy Listening Games for ESL Beginners
How_to_subscribe_to_a_podcast_with_iTunes_04
Encodage cp - J'écris les mots dessinés.  D'autres fiches sur mon blog.
La danse des Pingouins - France - SO fun for body parts!
Spanish Action Kids -- 48 verb cards & translation list ==> FREE using PKS points!  [PrintableKidStuff.com]
Quel temps fait-il?
...
Infographic - The Truth of Studying a Foreign Language
French vocabulary
Cranberry French Toast
Halloween vocabulary - word wall + scavenger hunt
✢ Reality does not exist
Spanish Sports Skit / Role Play by Sue Summers - Gustar & Encantar
Taller de acentos en español ~ ProfeDeELE.es
grammaire analyse
freezer meal recipes
Here is a simple tip about the way we ask the time in Spanish, at least in most countries in Latin America. If you want to learn more, make sure to check the main lesson. :) http://www.spanishlearninglab.com/the-time-in-spanish/
12 Meses 12 Fiestas en España - YouTube
pour faire la soupe
Le cercle magique - French numbers game with cards that you can fold in half and laminate.
Writing and Reading Activities: writing prompts, Venn diagrams, learning about professions/jobs, matching definitions and professions, improving vocabulary, comparing & contrasting, using one’s schemata, all in an interactive and engaging manner. This product is an excellent addition to any Spanish class and/or Spanish Immersion Program.
#Infographic: 6 Spanish Language Words for TURKEY #Spanish #Thanksgiving
Thank you for your Spanish Classroom
Complementos alimentarios en España
Free writing ideas for the foreign language classroom.
Thanksgiving interactive book. Great addition to any Spanish class and/or any Spanish Immersion Program. Students improve vocabulary and reading skills while learning more about Thanksgiving. Students read each page, cut and paste a word/words to finish each sentence or choose between “true” or “false” for the given sentence. All text is in Spanish including a Vocabulary page defining important terms such as: colony, pilgrim, taxes, harvest, and fertilizer. Thanksgiving Informational text!
Le soleil!
Practice your #Spanish with this episode and many more at https://www.languagecomics.com/08_cuarto_fracaso/. Repin then click the image to go to the story. Access to this episode requires a $10.00 monthly membership. Enjoy. https://www.languagecomics.com/crucero/  ---------------------------------------------  Also find us on:  http://www.Facebook.com/languagecomics ---------  http://www.YouTube.com/LanguageComicsTeam --------- http://www.Instagram.com/LanguageComics_
Yup... that's how we say it... makes more sense, non?
Mi niña Lola
http://www.magic-recre.com/  Jeux, coloriages, histoires, musiques, espace découvertes, comptines, chansons, puzzle, quiz
#Infographic 10 maneras de saludar y expresar deseos #Spanish
Loteria de la Navidad
French Dual Language Immersion Forest Animals w/Calendar l
Cute printable flash cards to learn the names of fruits in French.
I Teach Dual Language: dual language
Apps for learning Spanish
Fiche exposés : La durée de vie des déchets dans la nature
....
Fiche exposés : Une dictée en SMS
Fichier PDF en noir et blanc  Le document idéal pour le premier cycle.  Facile pour les enfants de préparer leur présentation orale.  (www.ameliepepin.com/scolaire/list/ecriture/francais
La famille. Écoutez et résumez
"Cásate con un arqueologo cuanto más vieja te hagas, más encantadora te encontrará".
pronoms compléments
adjective anchor chart--could have students create
LOS GRITONES on Vimeo_ A1 Explotación didáctica: http://www.todoele.net/actividadescine/Actividad_maint.asp?Actividad_id=67
Reading Comprehension on News/Informational Texts
Un Petit Navire - vidéo chanson
This set of 50 Spanish dialogues will surely be a useful tool in your Spanish class.  The major topics from levels 1, 2, and 3 are included.  The d...
Caracteristicas de la Tierra : Landforms posters & activity cards in #spanish !! 166 pack: activities come in color and black/white; perfect for bilingual and dual language classrooms.  #bilingual #socialstudies #TPT #landforms estudios sociales
Great song for teaching the irregular preterite in Spanish!
Gâteaux - miam!!
... Etre est facile. Tu es d'accord?
Fun For Spanish Teachers ... did I already pin this?
les chiffres
This website has a disgusting amount of resources for Spanish teachers. Facilitated by a professor in the Department of Education in Puerto Rico, teachers from around the world send in their resources to share.
Spanish Family, Estar and Feelings Skit by Sue Summers - Como Esta Tu Familia? Spanish pair work, partner activity.
En Mi Casa printable Spanish vocabulary game from PrintableSpanish.com -- advance through the house collecting household items
passport french - passport template - passport for kids -  passport - www.chillola.com
Spanish Possessive Adjectives Activities (Speak, Read, Listen)
Por o Para Student Presentation and Student Activities. This will really help your students learn when to use each!
Hacer la tarea is doing the homework in Spanish. The main difference here is that "tarea" has a plural form in Spanish so you could say "Hacer las tareas" too. It is common to say something like "Tengo que hacer dos tareas".
L'histoire de la galette des rois!
Mots d'encouragements pour la classe//Gratuit//
Spanish House Items Crossword Puzzle and Image IDs Worksheet by Sue Summers - 20 word puzzle, 14 image IDs.
Rochefort  France
GRAPHISME
Por qué, porque, porqué. Nivel B1
30 Great Children's Books in Spanish
The structure "tener que" for obligations is very common in the classroom. Just remember to use a verb in infinitive after "Que", for example: "Tengo que seleccionar..."
Affiche Amis
Le Monde Déchiffré
Spanish Valentine's Day Vocabulary, 34 Word Crossword and Picture IDs by Sue Summers - Word list  is also helpful for making Spanish Valentine cards.
Professional #Online #Spanish #Spaans for the whole family. Developed and evaluated by qualified and experienced Spanish teachers in Spain. It gives each student the opportunity to study individually. More info:  info@spanish-school-herradura.com
Engaging and interactive way to learn everything about a number IN SPANISH! This packet includes 4 COMPLETE SETS – one for each season (spring, summer, fall, winter) with 21 activity cards per set. Each card is meant to further analyze the given number and help students use their schemata, learn about various ways to show/look at a number, and better understand numbers. CCS aligned! #education #math #numbers #allaboutnumbers #calendarroutines #morningwork #criticalthinking #CommonCoreStandards
Palabras de Alta Frecuencia: used one of the doors to display words that are used frequently during class!
Writing and Reading Activities: writing prompts, Venn diagrams, learning about professions/jobs, matching definitions and professions, improving vocabulary, comparing & contrasting, using one’s schemata, all in an interactive and engaging manner. This product is an excellent addition to any Spanish class and/or Spanish Immersion Program.
SPANISH Colors for KiDs - De Todos Colores - YouTube
Saying your home and email address in #Spanish - ¿Dónde vives?. “Dirección” means address in Spanish, so we usually ask other people their “direcciones” or share our “dirección” with them. Saying our address in Spanish tends to be a little tricky sometimes and it may vary from one country to another... Learn a little bit about "direcciones" in this lesson.
ROPA DE PRIMAVERA Spanish for the whole family! www.spanish-school-herradura.com
What does 123TeachMe offer?
Pronoms relatifs
Lingualism!: Photo
http://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Store/Tracy-Lambert
French Library Bingo
Parfumerie
Many Languages, One America: 25 Proud Bilingual Children in an adorable 2 minute video
Practice your #French with this episode and many more at https://www.languagecomics.com/03_enfin/. Repin then click the image to go to the story. Access to this episode requires a $10.00/mo membership. Enjoy.   ---------------------------------------------  Also find us on:  http://www.Facebook.com/languagecomics ---------  http://www.YouTube.com/LanguageComicsTeam --------- http://www.Instagram.com/LanguageComics_
Annonce tres drôle
What Are The Hardest Languages To Learn? [INFOGRAPHIC] | Voxy Blog
Los estudiantes practican el uso de los elementos del texto informativo como los títulos, tabla de contenidos, fotografías, encabezamientos/subtítulos, leyendas/pie de la foto, diagrama, glosario, ĺndice, y la escritura especial.
http://www.learnfrenchlab.com   Free Printable flash cards to learn French fruits vocabulary
Bruno Mars Mejor cantante del mundo
http://www.learnfrenchlab.com   Free Printable Flashcards to learn the colors in French
example graphic organizer. literary analysis for elementary students. 100% in Spanish. $
Se presenter
expressions avec le mot soleil
Try out this lesson planning chart before writing out your next lesson plan.
List of French Craft Ideas for Children
Interactive French geography games
That rings a bell = Ça me dit quelque chose
bonheur
In the Mood: How to Teach the Subjunctive
Spanish rooms in the house interactive presentation and student activities!
prepositions of place
Bon dimanche!
You can use the question ¿Qué tienes que hacer hoy?  to ask about the chores someone has to do.
Les animaux - French vocabulary word wall cards
#French practice and pronunciation. Enjoy and share! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P26Dzxnip-4
eFrenchCafe | French learning
MORIRSE DE …  ¿Sabes de qué nos morimos en español?  - me muero de risa  - me muero de sueño  - …y muchas más  ¿Es igual en tu idioma? ¿de q...
Hôpital
When you think that going to the dentist is optional :) https://www.languagecomics.com/lahnas-breaking-news-episode-guide/
When you hear that your Spanish teacher is absent :) https://www.languagecomics.com/pol-flor-episode-guide/
Color the Spanish Color Words and Class Sign by Sue Summers - 1 page for students to color, 1 with color to print and hang.
vendredi
Over 300 videos featuring native Spanish speakers from 15 Spanish speaking countries.  A plethora of topics.
This 7 slide Power Point addresses the cultural difference in respect to time and punctuality as it exists in Hispanic culture.  Included in the Po...
10 words that English borrowed from French
GRATUIT Une série de mots fréquents à lire dans un miroir. Parfait pour un centre ou une station.
mousse au chocolat
French Library Bingo
Tomates farcies aux courgettes - YouTube
France Facts for Kids: Facts about France and the French
Sitúalos
Spanish Verb Conjugation Game- Regular Present -Er -Ir Verbs
Avoir une langue de vipère" → une personne parle en mal des autres.
Para celebrar todas las madres!
Proposer, accepter ou refuser une invitation
French - MAI - Sentence Editing Mini-Books for May - français
Printable : tags calendriers  2014 gratuits à télécharger sur le blog de kesi'art
sentence starters in Spanish and English ~ good for class discussions where opinions are shared
Fun game to play, inspired by card game "UNO" or "compare", to work on student Spanish vocabulary and fluency.  Fun for all ages! $
Coureur de bois
French Library Bingo
Essential Spanish Word Sorts™ Cards - Confused Sounds
Chulo/a, ¿qué significa?
Quizá y Quizás Tips ortografía, el buen hablar, uso correcto del vocabulario
Spanish New Year Writing Prompt / Essay - Querer + infinitive with holidays, months and activities vocabulary
CoSqUiLLiTaS eN La PaNzA BLoGs: FRASES PARA ORDENAR
Intouchables. Fiche pédagogique
Orientación Los Pedroches: Unidades de medida temporales de Jose Boo
Spanish Clothing with Artist Botero's Family Portrait Worksheet - 7 Questions by Sue Summers, la rope
Multiplicando Por 12 - Spanish Multiplication Math Games and Lesson Plans  Individual Spanish multiplication packages focus on #MULTIPLICATION, one factor at a time. Teaching elementary students to multiply in #Spanish is quick and effective when students practice their multiplication facts with these fun and engaging reproducible Spanish multiplication games, lesson plans and activities.  $
#waltdisney #frase #espanol
Las ruedas de verbos - Conjugating Spanish Verbs
Signos de cortesía muy básicos para vuestro aprendizaje
Spanish Tener Expressions Song With Actions - Tengo Suerte by Sue Summers - This song contains 14 different tener expressions!
Spanish Speaking Task Cards-with hints! Set of 20-Bee Theme.  Learn Spanish in Spain: www.facebook.com/Spanish.School.In.Spain
Spanish Body Parts Diagram to Label with 20 Body Parts by Sue Summers - Cuerpo
Aca__se_habla_Espaniol_by_Xelenne
Diez razones para leer por Millizen Uribe #leeressalud
In this activity, students access the website for the Hotel Plaza Florencia in Mexico City and the Hotel San Francisco Plaza in Guadalajara.  They ...
Le présent de l'indicatif (ficha)
free printable Spanish alphabet chart
Cliché, version française
SUSANA Maestra de A.L.: Ejercicios para separar palabras
FRENCH VOCABULARY | Communication : empecher quelqu'un de parler"
Recursos primaria
Spanish high frequency words flash cards
Un imagier thématique proposant 59 cartes et affiches sur le thème de la maison (le salon, la chambre, la cuisine, la salle de bain, le jardin, le garage)
Le parcours du Tour de France 2014 | 21 étapes | Official Video
Writing and Reading Activities: writing prompts, Venn diagrams, learning about professions/jobs, matching definitions and professions, improving vocabulary, comparing  contrasting, using one’s schemata, all in an interactive and engaging manner. This product is an excellent addition to any Spanish class and/or Spanish Immersion Program.
Carte virtuelle de RABAIS Promotion termine le 15 juillet.
tons of bingo boards! JUEGOS PARA PRACTICAR ESPAÑOL 1
Eiffel Tower Paper Craft- France
Le loup qui voulait manger le père Noël de Robert Ayats, Claire Le Grand
commercial for teaching mandatos...with fill ins. :)  ¡Despierta!  ¡Desayuna!  Por la 1.____, ¡ponte las pilas!  ¡Despierta!  ¡2.____!  ¡Cómete el mundo!  ¡Muévete!  ¡Despierta!  ¡Desayuna!  ¡Come 3.____!  ¡Y muévete!  Gobierno de 4.____.
COOL WEB  TOOLS FOR ESL, ELT, ELL  MFL LEARNERS | Scoop.it
Expresiones en español con la palabra LUNA.
I0008-stralecture-mot2
How to structure a french essay www.myfrench.ie
Spanish high frequency word cards for the Word Wall
PRESENTE VERBOS REGULARES
The verb chart foldables I use with my Spanish interactive notebooks. These can be used for any language that teaches verbs.
Spanish Question Word Wall Posters
Love your French
les couleurs
¿Qué están haciendo?
There Are 26 Spanish-Speaking Countries: What Do I Do?
Norman - Culturepub
Spanish Food Vocabulary Cards for Beginning Readers: Use these word/picture cards to play games like Headbandz, memory, matching, etc.! See preview for detailed suggestions for use. $
Spanish alphabet
Paris France Photo by Eirami
Courage
Noms, verbes et adjectifs qualificatifs: affiches, activités et pages de pratique.
Le Coeur A Ses Raisons (The Heart has It's Reasons) - Love Screen Print in French (gold & black) - $25
french-unusual-habits-blog
flamenco passion song by this little girl! 13(?) years old with life passion! Pilar Bogado y Paco Toronjo: Fandangos at Arte Andaluz 2010 • She ridicules all Talent Shows i.e. American Idol / XFactor / The Voice which all lack life, passion, soul in their preference for robotic, generic, artless talent that can be boxed & marketed to no end!
This cute poster displays feelings in Spanish using text message symbols....
Le Jeu de Révision du Gouvernement Canadien Fédéral includes 36 question and answer cards EN FRANÇAIS (ALSO AVAILABLE IN ENGLISH in my TPT store), a colour and a black and white game board with instructions.  TPT $.
les accents en français
Spanish Language Arts Posters- The Writing Doctor
Expressions avec le mot coeur - French idioms with the word "heart"
French kids eat everything
le futur simple
Foreign Language Number and Color Practice Activity: This is a quick set-up activity that requires almost no prep and gives students numerous opportunities to practice saying colors and numbers in the target language.  There is also an opportunity for students to practice some simple math.
Fun conjugation race sheets for Spanish er and ir verbs by Sol Azucar.   *freebie on tpt*
A charro performs during the Fiesta Charreada
No words are needed between two hearts in love, 8x10 poster (Departures, in Parisian Sky) BUY 3 GET 1 FREE via Etsy
Fun way to use technology like iPhone or iPad apps and hands on activities together.
What we say in French... what you can say in English :-)
Many TpT French Teachers are working hard to offer quality French Resources. Download PDF file and click for store links!  Please leave a comment. ...
Tableau Déco de motivation - impression Bio sur toile 100% coton - fait main en France
Les filles du Roy
Spanish problems in a restaurant presentation and student activities.
http://www.learnfrenchlab.com/free-printable-worksheets.html Free Printable Worksheets to learn to speak French. Exercises to practice oral communication skills
Try https://www.languagecomics.com/about/
Frozen (2013) - Do you want to build a snowman (French)
Pinner says. " My kids love this game. I have gotten emails from former students asking if I still play this. One of my kiddos walked in first period today and said, Oh, were playing Grudgeball today? You just made my day Mrs. Wilkins. I have two oral presentations and this game is just going to let me have fun. So, how do you play it? 1. Each team gets 10 Xs. (I had a class, y
How the Best Teachers Differentiate Instruction
For the Love of Spanish... Spanish Geography Unit...FREE interactive notebook printables and links to games online. ENJOY!
Exclusive buy: Christian Dior designed the illuminations and launched some special products at the store
Négation #LearnFrench #grammar #no
What do you think? = Qu'est-ce que t'en penses ?
French at your fingertips!
Saint-Malo in the storm, Brittany, France (by penelope64 on Flickr)
Day of the Dead / Halloween Calaveras Sketches to Decorate by Sue Summers - Dia de los Muertos craft
Instead of "good" vocabulary building bookmarks. 100% in Spanish. $
Voici 24 mots de vocabulaire sur le thème de l'automne/Halloween  Ces affiches riches en couleur seront parfaites pour décorer vos classes cet automne! Exemples des mots : - une sorcière - un chaudron - un squelette - une botte de foin - une pierre tombale
LL - Pronunciation In French, the double L has two possible pronunciations - it may be pronounced like an "L" or like a "Y." Fortunately, there are patterns that can help you determine the pronunciation of most words. http://www.lawlessfrench.com/pronunciation/ll/
Free Resources for Spanish Teachers
Me encanta escribir en español: interactivo
Día de los muertos - Day of the dead - two student centered lessons, including worksheets, powerpoint, and craft. By Sol Azúcar
The phrase “¿Te puedo ayudar?” (Can I help you?) is useful for offering assistance in Spanish with a chore, for example, 1.¿Te puedo ayudar a arreglar la cama?  2. ¿Te puedo ayudar a cocinar el almuerzo?
Template of iPhone conversations as a template for a dialogue.
Cuento Educativo en #Español  para #niños  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00N7WYB6C/ref=cm_sw_r_pi_dp_F-7pub0CXRV7T
.
12 Spanish Language Words for PEN | A cool and shareable #infographic that list #Spanish language words for pen and the countries that use them via http://www.speakinglatino.com/spanish-language-words-for-pen/
Exercice d'expression orale en classe de FLE, parler de sujets variés de façon spontanée.
French
Affichages pour la gestion de classe
▶ Noel en France - YouTube
Preterito Bingo Humano Mixer from Spanish Classroom on TeachersNotebook.com (2 pages)
#Spanish words: Los aumentativos #Learning Spanish
Spanish Christmas / Navidad Label Rudolph with Animal Body Parts by Sue Summers - 14 body parts with bilingual answer key.
Que Tiempo Hace hoy?
Vocabulary - At school - learn French
When you know it's time to find another hairstylist :) - Image from Season 7 episode 7 - https://www.languagecomics.com/pol-flor-episode-guide/
First French words with alphabet sounds.
#Spanish practice and pronunciation. Enjoy and share! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrzqgbkefZ4
Infographic of France Fast Facts http://www.mapsofworld.com/pages/fast-facts/infographic-of-france-fast-facts/
This French dramatic "Flash Mob" recital for Jour du Souvenir or Veterans Day uses a brand new dramatic technique since the recital begins with a small group that is joined by more and more students which swells the voices of the beautiful translation of "In Flanders Fields" in French.  TPT $
Par / pour
A family Christmas in France--English subtitles. I've used this and my students seemed to like it!
Spanish language: Adverbios de lugar/Place adverbs  Elementary level spanish exercises/Ejercicios español básico/ http://spanishlessonsfuengirola.blogspot.com.es/
Los tres reyes hipsters
Simple verb conjugation fill-in-the-blank with ser & estar -- printable game FREE to download and print!
Spanish Character Cards with resources for warm-ups, class work and games.
Le futur simple (exceptions)
El Mayab, la tierra del faisán y del venado
Le chat, toujours le chat
Vocabulaire - "organiser son discours"
Mon rapport de livre - A fun Flip-book for book report writing! Check it out!
Possessive adjectives (part 1)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~  This video lesson covers three of the possessive adjectives that we use in Spanish... mi / mis, tu / tus, & su / sus.  In this video we work with how to use these before nouns (objects)
La diferencia entre Muy y Mucho - The difference between Muy and Mucho in Spanish.
AMAZING site for AP Spanish. Breaks it down by theme and has tons of resources to teach each theme
Chalkboard and buckets
This presentation is used to teach the present progressive tense in Spanish. Teaching this topic with the Kardashian theme is sure to keeps students interested and engaged.  There are numerous opportunities for students to speak in the T.L. and practice this construction.
Pronunication: http://soundcloud.com/edi/what-do-you-mean-quest-ce-que
These bilingual posters can be used to introduce the various literary genres. Traditional Literature, Realistic Fiction, Fantasy, Non-fiction, Poetry, Biography, and Autobiography posters are included in the set.
Hemos aprendido que normalmente en #español las palabras que terminan en -A son femeninas y las que terminan en -O son masculinas, pero esto no siempre se cumple. Aquí tenéis algunos casos, para preveniros de cometer este error muy común #LearnSpanish #StudySpanish
Diferencias entre las preposiciones "por" y "para". www.professeurespagnol.com
Phrases for Spanish Valentines Day cards. Frases tarjetas Día de San Valentín. Printable list of Valentine Spanish phrases. Dia de los enamorados. #Spanishvalentinequotes #Tarjetassanvalentín #amistad http://spanishplayground.net/spanish-valentine-phrases-cards/
books for free online in french!
FREEEEEEEEEBIE!!!! :) In this game modeled after Go Fish, novice-level Spanish speakers practice asking and answering questions to reinforce their knowledge of Spanish pronouns, ser conjugations, hay, and question words (de dónde, cómo, quién). #Preguntas #Ser #Pronouns #Hay
Invierno #CardFly #flience #time #spanish #education #flashcard #language
FREEEEEBIE: This is a great review game or review after learning all of the Spanish irregulars! It helps students solidify conjugations, spellings, etc. and can help them gain confidence in the preterite tense. Plus it's free!!!
http://wanelo.com/p/3625211/learn-french-online-rocket-french - French Vocabulary Words for Family Members - Learn French
FREEEEEEEEEBIE!!!! :) In this game modeled after Go Fish, novice-level Spanish speakers practice asking and answering questions to reinforce their knowledge of Spanish pronouns, ser conjugations, hay, and question words (de dónde, cómo, quién). #Preguntas #Ser #Pronouns #Hay
Irregular Spanish Verb songs: Present Tense - YouTube
Ideas for a virtual Spanish treasure hunt that requires students to read, understand, and make correct choices - very creative!
Les prépositions - to locate things
In this activity, students have a problem on their hands. After a study abroad trip, their father has found all kinds of items that ran up the credit card bill. Dad is asking for the students to find the receipts for the articles bought. So, students must find the item on the receipts (included in the activity), write the Euro amount, and figure out the US Dollar amount by figuring out the exchange rate and applying it. #competition #Ropa #Materialesescolares #receipts #competition
Mayan People - Quintana Roo
El ratón Pablito is a short video/illustrated story that first year Spanish students can easily grasp. Some of the structures used are: ¡Qué vergüenza! abre, cierra, encima de...
French Library Bingo Game is for a variety of ages from grade 1 - grade 9 (3 versions) to encourage reading of different genres. The Artsy French Teacher TPT $
Pinteresante - Pinteresante Board for Spanish Class
Le Porte-Clés Ressource des 120 sites pertinents pour enrichir nos classes en FLS pour les étudiants du 21ième siècle. This colour coded key ring resource is an invaluable low-tech tool to keep track of some wonderful user-friendly, mostly free sites, on the web. Wow your students. TPT$
where there’s a will, there’s a way.
When learning Homophones, try this fun, interactive sound matching game. Students must work together to find out what they are, and then find their match!
French
Describing people in Spanish: important adjectives and verbs - YouTube
Paniers de Pâques .
vocab french
El Increíble Niño Comelibros
les monuments de Paris
"Elegance is the only beauty that never fades." Audrey Hepburn<3
OnlineFreeSpanish.com - Study Spanish for free with our OnLine Lessons
Le Porte-Clés Ressource des 120 sites pertinents pour enrichir nos classes en FLS pour les étudiants du 21ième siècle. This colour coded key ring resource is an invaluable low-tech tool to keep track of some wonderful user-friendly, mostly free sites, on the web. Wow your students. TPT$
FREE - Preposition Puzzles In Spanish
Arriba y Abajo {Plus a vocabulary game}
Learn with Pepper the Pooch what cultures celebrate and why, while increasing your vocabulary.  Pre-K up to Grade 10.
This set of worksheets is suitable for beginning learners. Students can practice and repeat gender, definite/indefinite articles and different plural forms. Test your Spanish worksheets are very useful for revision, homework and early finishers. This set has 20 worksheets plus answer keys.
Ressources pédagogiques pour le Jour de la Terre (22 avril)
Printemps en Compréhension
French Dominos - reading comprehension
Most grammar books will tell you that the way to learn tenses in French is to go through all the motions, the full “process” and the boring nitty-gritty. But as most native French speakers would ag...
Earth Day with Pepper in French
This file has TWO Different SPANISH Poems that are about "MARIPOSAS" butterflies.  These poems are an excellent addition to our Spanish poetry toolbox.  I have attached an Responding to Poetry opportunity organizer where students can write their opinion or poetic element you choose to respond to.
Ordinal numbers in Spanish and English from 1-20
Dimelo - Teach Spanish tú commands through pop music
Madame Belle Feuille: Social Studies - Mon monde et moi, unit 1
55 Spanish Cognates To Use with Kids - Spanish Playground
carte de la Gaule à la veille de la conquête
Fichas para jugar al quién es quién - Un clásico en la enseñanza de idiomas: http://bit.ly/quienquien | Más materiales en www.ProfeDeELE.es
Spanish Sentence Building Cards...
MANTÉN LA CALMA Y APRENDE ESPAÑOL - KEEP CALM AND CARRY ON Image Generator - brought to you by the Ministry of Information
Study-Hack : When studying a Foreign Language tips... very helpful !
Spanish Alphabet Handwriting Book: Make your own alphabet mini books with photo albums for the dollar store. Your students will use them with dry erase markers over and over again in this perfect literacy station!
When you worry because your parrot is more eloquent than you :) http://www.languagecomics.com/pol-flor-episode-guide/
Duolingo - Free language education for the world. The best app for teaching/reviewing Spanish, French, German, Portuguese and Italian!!!
Free French Listening Resources Podcast Video clips and MP3 files on a variety of topics.
la ville
Behavior rules for the dinner table - affirmative and neg tu commands, subj.
This wonderful interactive package will allow your students to do an cross curricular Spanish activity.  Students will be exposed to "Places around the community" vocabulary and prepositions. Have the opportunity to create their own city map. They will be provided with squares to cut pictures and using construction paper they should be able to create a map lableing avenues and use it for directions.
Thanksgiving interactive book. Great addition to any Spanish class and/or any Spanish Immersion Program. Students improve vocabulary and reading skills while learning more about Thanksgiving. Students read each page, cut and paste a word/words to finish each sentence or choose between “true” or “false” for the given sentence. All text is in Spanish including a Vocabulary page defining important terms such as: colony, pilgrim, taxes, harvest, and fertilizer. Thanksgiving Informational text!
Spanish prepositional phrase seating chart activity
Le café de Madame Dugot
Check out: https://www.languagecomics.com/pol-flor-episode-guide/
la voiture- French
Verbo JUGAR
Qu’est-ce que tu fous là? - What the hell are you doing here? Find more Slang (with Audio!) in my book: ''Colloquial French'' - The most complete French Slang Ebook available. Learn more here: http://www.talkinfrench.com/french-slang-colloquial/ Don't hesitate to share #french #slang #words
Worksheets: Spanish Verb Ser
Hé les profs!Great website for French lots of resources and reading
Common dinner plan of a French meal
Spanish videos for kids: Aquí vivo yo. Has lots of great Spanish vocabulary! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XlGSr1eCUbA&index=18&list=PLT58JadHcEH1SI1F2-x9s-pQks68ZBa8T
Pepper's Letters of Correspondence can be used for creative assignments, in-class tests and year-long assessment records.  Each student can be a pen pal to Pepper!  And each student can help Pepper respond to her pen pals.  Pepper's letters encourage students to write and read creatively to each other, and give teachers and students a year-long record of their progress in written conversational language.
Voilà 5 organigrammes gratuits de la Ressource: Les Études sociales de l'Ontario et le processus de l'enquête, 1ère à 8ème année.  S.S. INQUIRY-BASED LEARNING en français!
What ALL Teachers Can Learn From Foreign Language Immersion Programs #weareteachers
Set of 9 Roll and Read Spanish letter naming fluency and letter-sound correspondence sheets by Profe Emily. TeachersPayTeachers.com
Cahier interactif du Chat botté avec un Quiz interactif sur iPad (ibooks) en plus d'une histoire audio. 3 dans 1//Série de livres complètes disponibles (3 titres en ligne déjà). #littératie #5auquotidien #FSL
Mommy Maestra: Frida Kahlo Lesson Plans, Activities, Coloring Sheets and More
Spanish vocabulary for kitchen utensils. Spanish words: Vocabulario de la mesa
Flipping my Spanish Classroom: Cultural activities across the levels
Spanish Calendar - This big and bold calendar is must have for Spanish teachers of all levels. Use it daily to reinforce days of the week, months, dates, holidays or to talk about upcoming events. The week begins with "lunes" and the months are not capitalized.
Check out: https://www.languagecomics.com/pol-flor-episode-guide/
Infographic: 63 Cartoon Character English Names in Spanish #Infographic #Cartoons #Spanish via http://www.speakinglatino.com/classic-cartoon-character-names-in-spanish/
Journal prompt
The perfect companion for tourists and business travelers in France and other places where the French language is spoken, this book offers fast, effective communication.
vocabulaire sport 1
Free 2nd to 5th Grade Geometria - Trajetas De Intercambio - 26 pages - This 26-page unit has essential math vocabulary to build a foundation of math understanding. Use whole class, with second language learners or struggling math students. Fun way for students to meet the Common Core Standards!  The 15 carefully selected math vocabulary words integrate kid friendly definitions with rich information about the concept.  Free
Los deportes
Free storyboards for Spanish class
Can't believe I didn't find it earlier, such a gold mine for all who are interested in French culture and in culture in general. Language: English
Vocabulaire de l'amour french list love #learn #french
Joke in Spanish for kids - chiste para niños.
24 activity ideas for learning and practicing vocabulary...plus editable cards for adding your own ideas.
Verlan is a French language argot, which originated from the Parisian banlieue as a social protest.
Boulanger-poster-past2
el fútbol, football, Spanish language vocabulary
Musée du Louvre - a reading/activity printable for beginning and intermediate French students.
This vocabulary worksheet is a great resource to introduce students from grades 3-8 and Spanish I in High School to a basic family vocabulary list.  It will help them to understand proper gender/noun combinations.  Great beginning for them to write a little paragraph about their families combining possessive pronouns , verb "to be" an vocabulary words.
Le Porte-Clés Ressource des 120 sites pertinents pour enrichir nos classes en FLS pour les étudiants du 21ième siècle. This colour coded key ring resource is an invaluable low-tech tool to keep track of some wonderful user-friendly, mostly free sites, on the web. Wow your students. TPT$
This Back to School bundle will allow you to begin your Spanish class the right way.  The first vocabulary set has all the rules and regulations for your class. Your students will recognize about 80% of the cognates included.  It also has a contract where students can copy in Spanish the 13 expressions.
Students will create a video or power point using present progressive tense in the target language.  The instructions/guidelines listed are clearly stated.
Routine du soir à découper - vocabulary for routine actions in French - cut and paste activity
Fun, Full immersion Foreign Language Programs for Kids. What does Full Immersion actually mean to your child? Visit us at www.languagestars.com to find out!
can of questions-great for partner practice, update as new words/grammar is learned. Laminate the strips so they can easily be reused each class period.
French Language Poster
Geographie Elementaire Ecoles (French) 1910
Bienvenue chez les ch´tis (Bienvenidos al norte)
I wish I'd had this in Spanish class.
Requested by someone on Facebook: 10 Child-Friendly French Movies + where to watch these movies. I also shared 5 more available in English only. http://www.talkinfrench.com/child-friendly-french-movies/ Do not hesitate to share
expressions
This clothing lesson is geared towards developing writing skills in Spanish for students.  The lesson includes four handouts that can be used in separate classes. You will also review colors, and clothing. The lesson will allow you to prcatice writing gender/noun staments.
Ne t'arrête jamais de rêver !
Thanksgiving interactive book. Great addition to any Spanish class and/or any Spanish Immersion Program. Students improve vocabulary and reading skills while learning more about Thanksgiving. Students read each page, cut and paste a word/words to finish each sentence or choose between “true” or “false” for the given sentence. All text is in Spanish including a Vocabulary page defining important terms such as: colony, pilgrim, taxes, harvest, and fertilizer. Thanksgiving Informational text!
Teaching Supplies {for World Language Teachers}
Spanish Adjectives Mirror Sketch and Label Activity by Sue Summers - Students sketch their self-portraits in one mirror and write adjectives used to describe themselves in the other.  Great for back to school!
Pâtisserie française
Ask Kara: Makeup Vanity Storage Tips
Celebrate Thanksgiving in Spanish class with Carlitos!
a gold mine for all who are interested in French culture and in culture in general. Language: English
Spanish anchor charts-types of sentences
#Spanish practice and pronunciation. Enjoy and share! https://youtu.be/mKV-eQkSR-A
Instagram photo bulletin board of Spanish-speaking countries for the high school Spanish classroom.
French poster for Canada Day ~ La fête du Canada! How will you celebrate Canada Day?
29 Spanglish Words: The Best of the Worst #Spanglish #List
Teaching Numbers with Children's Books
This exciting and comprehensive lesson will have your students talking to each other in fun and informal conversations. Students will have a chance to interview their partner choosing from a set of 16 questions. The objective of the lesson is to have a full dialogue of at least five questions and answers.Instructions1- Distribute the two page phrases worksheets to the class.
Etre heureux par Monica Sheeman
Logic puzzles for kids are a great Spanish reading activity. Four free printable logic puzzles that use winter vocabulary. #Spanish reading #Spanish printable http://spanishplayground.net/spanish-logic-puzzles-kids/
This is a quick and fun vocabulary review that takes almost NO set up time!
One Year Subscription to Rockalingua! {Giveaway}- The winner will be announced on Wednesday, September 2nd, 2015. WORLD WIDE participants are welcome!
Top 25 French words - Most common French nouns, verbs, adjectives, adverbs
Tired of worksheets? Get students moving and keep them engaged with these versatile task cards that go along with the Realidades 1 textbook.
12 common French gestures
Spanish 50 Classroom Commands and Total Physical Response (TPR) by Sue Summers
expression française : Au siècle dernier, on distribuait dans les internats des haricots aux élèves, quand on ne savait plus quoi leur donner en guise de nourriture. En effet, le haricot était considéré comme un aliment de base, voire médiocre. Quand il n’y avait même plus de haricots à manger, c’était la fin de tout. C’est de là que provient l’expression "C’est la fin des haricots" que l’on emploie quand on veut signifier que "c’est la fin du monde", souvent de façon ironique.
In Our Classroom: Classroom Expectations in English and Spanish.  This is a set of cards to be printed and displayed in the classroom. There are 15 cards in English and the same 15 cards in Spanish.
Hispanic Artists Photo Challenge Students research the paintings of several different Hispanic artists. Each student chooses a painting to recreate and takes a photograph of their interpretation of the painting
Complete Spanish Poem-"La Iguana Perezosa"Cover and Poem and STAAR Assessment Scrambled PoemCover Scrambled PageSenses OrganizerImagery OrganizerThis poem is again in SPANISH a complete product.  It contains everything for our Spanish poetry toolbox.Thank you for your purchase and please check out my other products at my store.Customer Tips: How to get TPT credit to use on future purchases:  Please go to your My Purchases page (you may need to login).
Avancemos Book 1 for First Year Spanish - So many curriculum resources by Sol Azúcar
Spanish Verb Hand and other graphic organizers for Spanish.
We are excited to offer you this sampler of K-12 Tips, Ideas and Freebies for welcoming in the Fall season. A collaboration of many of the French Teacher Authors on TPT, you will find a wide variety of ideas and resources for all levels. Nous sommes excités de vous partager des astuces, des idées et des échantillons de nos meilleures ressources automnales.
Learn French by following the adventures of Victor Hugo as he explores the Francophone universe. The humorous videos and comics are suitable for post-beginners aged 15 and up and include a variety of accents as well as slang. https://www.lawlessfrench.com/products/frantastique/
French Speaking Activity with Dice for Groups: Passé Composé, Avoir and Être
Broccoli Cheddar Quinoa Bites | alidaskitchen.com #recipes #glutenfree #EatA2ZRecipeChallenge.
How to define Culture?  (French, Spanish) wlteacher.wordpress.com
Good morning friends !!!
French Speaking Activity with Passé Composé (Avoir & Être)
French food visual dictionary
This is a Anchor Chart/Poster introduction for FABLES. This product is in SPANISH and it contains elements of what a Fable is. This file was used or rather is part of my SPANISH (Lectura) Fables Posters Wall. Students can use these posters for further understanding of a Fable and it's elements.
¿Qué fecha es hoy? That´s the way we ask “What date is today in Spanish?” It is actually pretty simple to say or write dates in Spanish. This lesson includes a few tips to avoid common mistakes, a conversation about “fechas en español” and a quiz to practice. Buena suerte.
French vocabulary tests and wordsearch puzzles for your French lessons. This set contains more than 200 pages of French basic vocabulary tests and wordsearch puzzles. All answer keys are included. Please download the preview for more information.
Spanish Day of the Dead Flashcards / Game Cards by Sue Summers - Dia de los Muertos
Muebles y aparatos en la casa
Les articles contractés
Día de los Muertos Bulletin Board Set.  Includes 12 pages and a bulletin board header.  Spanish version and version with word and image only.
French Adjectives Mirror Sketch Activity by Sue Summers - Students sketch their self-portraits in one mirror and write descriptive adjectives about themselves in the other.
French colour book! For French Immersion or Core French
Situations d'apprentis-Sages (lutins)
Spanish Definite/Indefinite Articles..... Don't ask. Just watch it. And then you can tell me what you think. All I'm gonna say is that my Spanish teacher, @Judy Dietrich, had us watch this in our Spanish class. @David Beasley
This is a simple, short and FREE reading for first/second year students.  It describes the legend of El Silbón and it gives students a glimpse of the rough cowboy culture that exists in the Venezuelan llanos.
GROWING BUNDLE//Ensemble de Cahiers interactifs en lien avec la #littérature #jeunesse. iBook inclus pour #iPad avec un #quizz #interactif de 20 questions (compréhension de lecture) + Histoire numérique #audio #FSL #frenchteacher #TPT
La noche de brujas is a short video/illustrated story that first year Spanish students can easily grasp. Some of the vocabulary used: El esqueleto, la bruja, el fantasma, el disfraz, la calabaza, los dulces, tiene miedo, grita...
Spanish-Speaking Countries Flip Book (with Maps & Practice Quizzes)  This flip book includes the following: -Printing and assembly directions -Western Europe map to label Spain -Central America map -South America map -Capitals page -Practice capitals
Voseo - the verb form in South America that should definitely be included in the N.American curriculum!!
Mama Lisa's World presents thousands of traditional kids songs from over a hundred countries and cultures! We also feature a major collection of Mother Goose Rhymes, global recipes, holiday traditions and lively conversations about childhood around the world.
Ces phrases positives qui augmentent l'estime que les enfants ont d'eux-mêmes
Check out these cute free Spanish family flashcards from Look We're Learning.  What a great way to teach vocabulary.
During guided reading or small group, have students practice breaking apart a few words into their syllables.  My students love being able to physically manipulate the syllables! (Bilingual teaching strategy by Learning At The Primary Pond)
Pepper has gone back in the depths of time to bring you a short history of Halloween from Europe, and provides French vocabulary along the way.  Learn about the influence of Celtic, Roman, Christian, French, Spanish, Scottish and Irish traditions.  This package contains booklets, an interactive PowerPoint, color and write posters, a "dress Pepper for Halloween" vocabulary exercise, a vocabulary quiz and instructions on how to make a paper pumpkin.
GRATUIT - FREEBIE! Encourager vos élèves de parler en français avec ce produit gratuit. À chaque fois que vous entendez un élève parler en français, laissez-le colorier une boule de gomme. Après que toutes les boules de gommes sont coloriées - une récompense de votre choix! Parfait pour les élèves du préscolaire jusqu'à la 2e année.
Halloween - En avez-vous peur? Diverses activités
It's Colombia, not Columbia. Every Spanish and Colombian knows this mistake!
News in Slow Spanish/also available in French ~ amazing resource!
La Familia Interactive Notebook Activity Students create their family tree and describe their family members under each flap.
Spanish Thanksgiving Foods / Colors Adjective and Noun Agreement Practice Worksheet With Thanksgiving and Colors Vocabulary Reference by Sue Summers
Nice chairs (but in maple)
Looking for a fun song to start your class on Monday?  How about Shake It Off in Spanish?  Free!  :)
Drawing activities to use when teaching Gustar + Infinitive to talk about what people like to do.
Spanish in Spain vs. Mexicio: What’s the Difference? http://takelessons.com/blog/mexican-spanish-and-spain-spanish-z03?utm_source=social&utm_medium=blog&utm_campaign=pinterest
Infographic: Next-Gen World Language Learning - Getting Smart by Getting Smart Staff - foreign language, infographic, langchat, Next Gen Lea...
Butternut Squash and Black Bean Enchiladas
Spanish
Great word wall to enhance all your Spanish Thanksgiving lessons.  Colorful classroom decor, too!
The weathers-a-changing! My summer wardrobe just got packed up and out came the boots and sweaters. Fall means a lot of great things. New England foliage, Fall clothes, seasonal produce, new baking adventures, and one of the biggest things I look forward to… SOUPS! I have always been a soup kind of girl. Chicken vegetable, …
Spanish Word Wall:  Great to enhance all Spanish lessons at Christmastime.  Great classroom decor!
100+ Ideas for your Christmas Cookie Plate | www.somethingswanky.com
Themes for Intermediate Learners of Spanish Podcast Episode 20: “Recent changes in the heath care system.” Get updates for learning and teaching languages: http://eepurl.com/_SjJP
USC students make videos on Spanish and Arabic similarities | Fusion
Christmas Gifts for Bilingual Kids
French Christmas / Noël Matching Quiz or Worksheet 31 Words by Sue Summers
Spanish Subjunctive vs. Indicative Sentence Strips & Category Sort
Creamy Chicken and Broccoli Pasta Recipe
Map on French regional specialties
Qui suis-je? (French: All about me)
Authentic French: Listen to real French from commercials and films (with transcripts!)
[Interlignes] Dictées flash sur toute l'année - CE2 et CM1 : Mis à jour ! - Cycle 3 ~ Orphéecole
Spanish Interactive Notebook Activity:  Los Colores
8 TIPS FOR KEEPING CHRISTMAS GREENS FRESH LONGER - StoneGable
White Bean & Thyme VEGAN Pot Pies in just 10 ingredients! Savory, flaky, comforting #vegan #potpie #dinner #healthy #comfortfood
Spanish Christmas Reader • Your students are guaranteed to have fun reading this mini book. •	Quick and easy to create…just copy, cut, and staple. •	The Christmas theme will excite your students as they enjoy reading! • Wonderful for your classroom library, literacy centers, and small group instruction
A new (and entertaining) article for you. Learn some new cool (but weird) French words. https://www.talkinfrench.com/french-weird-words-part-1/ Don't hesitate to share.
Pepper wishes you a happy New Year with the increasingly popular activity of eating grapes on New Year's Eve.  Found in many Spanish-influenced cultures, the tradition started in Spain.  Follow Pepper as she finds out the history that started the grape-eating trend.
Resources for teaching Spanish clothing vocabulary with the verb llevar. PowerPoint, Vocabulary List, Games, Crossword, Drawing Activities, and Quiz
Themes for Beginners of #Spanish and Travel – “What’s going on with you?” Get updates for learning and teaching languages: http://eepurl.com/_SjJP
Resources for Spanish teachers- Well organized authentic materials
Day 8 of #pb31daysofjoy Our stripey straw addiction is showing! #christmas #holidays #foodie #foodprops #project365
This NEWLY REVISED 8 page skit about the Quebec Winter Carnival is part of a 32 page resource, www.teacherspayte... including Learning Goals, Rubrics, Letter to parents, Suggestions for backdrops, costumes, la ceinture fléchée, background music, 35 Word Wall Words. IN FRENCH.
pretérito imperfecto
"Los tres sombreros" is a story with an unexpected ending that makes most kids jump and laugh.  It uses several repetitions of the structures: "Debajo de" and "Levanta" but it also highlights culture by explaining that each sombrero comes from a different Spanish-speaking country.
A great way to review Spanish grammar at Christmastime.  This is included in my Las Posadas unit.  There are a total of 15 printables!
Las tradicionales posadas
Practicing question words. Authentic video
Free cards to help students remember magic passwords in Spanish!
Themes for Beginners of #Spanish and Travel – “I’d like a ticket to_______.” Get updates for learning and teaching languages: http://eepurl.com/_SjJP
Spanish Roll & Write Bundle:  Present & Past Tense Verb Activities
Hace Calor-- Sesame Street in Spanish. Good for teaching weather.
GROWING BUNDLE: This download contains different activities to use with K-1 grade students. It includes some of my favorite songs! Resources for Interactive folders and notebooks are included! The price will continue to grow as more activities are added,
Animals in Spanish
Give students a well-rounded review of telling time in Spanish with these engaging and versatile task cards! So much more fun than a worksheet!
Fun, engaging Spanish activities for the month of January.
Cuaderno de Práctica {Workbook + Songs -MP3's}
Divine Desserts for One | SparkPeople
#frío #invierno
The Key-Ring resource with more than 120 wonderful web sites and tools for your French Core, Immersion, Elementary and High School classes.  Le Porte-Clés Ressource des 120 sites pertinents pour enrichir nos classes en FLS pour les étudiants du 21ième siècle.  This colour coded key ring resource is an invaluable low-tech tool to keep track of some wonderful user-friendly, mostly free sites, on the web.  Wow your students! TPT$
Pepper's just-over-100 everyday, Spanish words are ready to print, cut and use on your word wall, staple together as booklets, or use as flashcards for games.  These words are useful on a daily basis for a student of any age learning to speak Spanish intelligibly.
Spanish Present Tense Stem-Changing Verbs (Shoe Verbs):  Includes 8 Printables with Answer Keys.
This is a set of four posters in Spanish that teachers and students can utilize to assess learning based on the Marzano scale fist of four. Enjoy!
Ten 21 Day Fix Recipes that are easy, healthy, delicious, and family friendly!
Cuidado el odio puede causar daños severos a la salud. | 22 Chistes que solo los amantes de Star Wars entenderán
El Cuerpo Interactive Notebook Activity for Spanish interactive notebooks and body parts
Spanish Valentine's Day Roll & Write Activities: Includes 5 Activity Boards with Valentine's Day Vocabulary.  Students will practice regular and Irregular present tense verbs including Stem-Changing verbs.
This Farm Animals  package is very helpful to teach students the names of farm animals to students. The package includes - Vocabulary worksheet with twelve animals and Word bank. This worksheet includes the determinate articles in Spanish el, la , las, los.
How To Use The Spanish Future Tense
Crockpot Slit Pea Soup - Family Fresh Meals -
Juicy pork loin steaks in luscious shallot and mushroom sauce that are ready in 15 minutes!
You no longer need to wait until Friday to dance in Spanish class! Get your students moving any day and at any time. Dancing in class is an awesome brain break and also an opportunity to share some culture through music
10 Video Projects Every Teacher Should Try
Question cards to help your students start some conversations, talk about their daily routines, how often they do something, and practice reflexive verbs! These conversation cards focus on the yo and t forms of the verbs.  This set uses vocabulary from En Espaol 2 (3-2), but can be used for practice with any chapter on daily routine!There are 36 cards included, as well as a blank template for you to add any of your own (or have students create some!).
St Patrick's Day math and language arts bundle, 100% in Spanish. check it out! $
This is a project that my students love and I’m sharing it with you today. I’ve provided cuerpos, ojos, pelo, narices, orejas, bocas, dientes, pies y piernas! You only need to provide scissors, glue, extra paper, imagination and creativity. Simply (color) cut and glue. Great way to learn body parts!
Quote│Citas - #Quote - #Citas - #Frases
Spanish AR Verbs Present Tense:  Includes 6 Worksheets and 24 Conversation Cards with directions for a Guided Pair Practice and a Mingle Activity
Peru facts for kids in readings and crossword puzzles. Free printables in Spanish and English introduce kids to 15 basic facts about Peru. Great for #HHM
¿Qué tiempo hace?
12 Rules for Learning Foreign Languages in Record Time — The Only Post You’ll Ever Need
Fireball Jello Shot Cupcakes! These Fireball Jello Shot Cupcakes are infused with Fireball whisky and topped with Fireball butter cream frosting. Another way to warm up your holiday! | HomemadeHooplah.com
ALGUNOS RECURSOS PARA PRIMARIA: DESCRIPCION DE PERSONAS
Spanish game for kids to learn about  colors
Cinco de Mayo:  19 Printables for the Spanish Language Class  This unit is appropriate for both Beginning and Intermediate Spanish.
Los números
Akinator is a web genie that asks you questions (in Spanish) and WILL eventually guess the person you are thinking of. Your students will love this. Great way to practice asking questions.
I absolutely love this guy and the way he explains things! POR vs PARA: How and When to use them in Spanish
Confesiones y Realidades: La Noche Cuando Perdí el Control - preterite joke, preterit
Spaghetti Squash Burrito Bowls are stuffed with veggies, salsa and beans then topped with broiled cheese. They make for a healthy and super delicious vegetarian meal! BURRITO BOWLS! With spaghetti squash instead of rice! In a COMPOSTABLE BOWL!! Oh, wait. Am I the only who gets excited about that last part? Shoot. Actually that reminds …
Need a quick and fun way to review those pesky irregular YO verbs such as ir, dar, ser, estar, tener, ver, saber and conocer?  Simply cut these puzzles up and have your students piece together the correct YO forms!  Add a timer to the mix to make a friendly competition or make this a collaborative activity!
This is a very high resolution printable Spanish certificate! It is a very simple and fun way to recognize a job well done. Simply print and fill in the student's information.
Spanish II Grading scale rubric - incorporates proficiency levels!!!
Six imaginary "outings" that follow the same steps each week, using chants and moves to engage kids' bodies and their imaginations. Have fun, gather your needed items, strap on your pretend "mochila" / backpack, and let's go! ¡Vámonos!
CharlaELE se encontrará de nuevo en Twitter este sábado, 7 de mayo. #CharlaELE1
Honey Lime Tilapia
Spanish Family Vocabulary Powerpoint-Review and Practice
Learn Spanish online. With our podcast, learning Spanish is easy. | SpanishPod101.com
#horaspanishtimeThis five page worksheet will allow you to cover to basic Spanish units.  the Time unit and favorite hobbies and activities.  It is essential that students learn time in order to be able to take buses and public transportation.  This project will allow students to write in Spanish an account of their day.
You no longer need to wait until Friday to dance in Spanish class! Get your students moving any day and at any time. Dancing in class is an awesome brain break and also an opportunity to share some culture through music
Spanish Airport and Travel Diagram and Labeling Activity by Sue Summers - Aeropuerto
Ojalá | 40 Beautiful Words In Spanish
Nutella Fudgesicles
Find more dichos at http://spanglishbaby.com/ and http://www.mamitalks.com/2012/02/lot-of-dichos.html ✿ #inspiration #motivation #quote #learning #podcastespanol #espanolautomatico #Spanish - Repin for later!
Expresiones de cortesía.-
Deja de esperar que las cosas pasen. Sal ahí fuera y HAZ QUE PASEN Escucha Podcast Español Automatico para mejorar tu español de forma natural y divertida > http://espanolautomatico.com  ✿ Spanish Learning/ Teaching Spanish / Spanish Language / Spanish vocabulary / Spoken Spanish / Free Spanish Podcast / Español Automatico ✿ Share it with people who are serious about learning Spanish!
El Venezolano
Hoy he preparado una chuleta para ti. Espero que te saque de dudas cuando quieras hablar de tus gustos ;)  ✿ #Spanish #learning #Teaching #spanishlanguage #spanishvocabulary #easyspanish #spokenspanish  ✿ Share it with people who are serious about learning Spanish!
Indian-Spiced Cauliflower "Rice" - The Food Charlatan
Lisez les phrases en choisissant chaque fois le bon adjectif. Une chance sur deux !
Our Favorite Parts of the Body Songs. Aprende las partes del cuerpo con canciones!
24 questions for writing or speaking for first and second-year students of #Spanish.  Get more materials and ideas here:  http://reallifelanguage.com/reallifelanguageblog/
I am trying to  save  this
25-page worksheet packet on #Spanish time, seasons, days, months, and weather -- FREE and easy to download at PrintableSpanish.com
Free Spanish worksheets to teach time in Spanish, seasons in Spanish, Spanish days of the week, months in Spanish and weather in Spanish. Free Spanish printables from PrintableSpanish.com http://printablespanish.com/free-time-weather-worksheets/
Sueños, Citas, Pensamientos, Quotes y Reflexiones. Búscame en Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Tengo-el-Alma-de-Colores/240330932802882
Pasaporte Cultural - Laura Esquivel
My Spanish writing  bulletin board for my writing center. Still a work in progress. Bilingual K
These color posters in Spanish are perfect for your classroom!Poster Set is in full page (8.5” x 11”) and half page size so you can choose according to your classroom needs.    The following colors are included in this set:  azul  morado, púrpura  anaranjado  rojo  verde  rosa, rosado  café, marrón  blanco  gris  amarillo  negro
Slang map of how to say "cool" in different Spanish-speaking countries.
40 sitios para descargar libros en forma gratuita
Subscription allows you to download everything on our site!!
Boot Verbs Skinny Poster Spanish
Cómo enseñar a pensar de forma crítica a los niños
Spanish sentences english ways to say basic language vocabulary vocabulario
Spanish Interactive Notebook Activity: Los Colores 50% OFF for 24 Hours
Pepper goes to school to learn twenty-five classroom items and related sentences in Spanish.  This package includes two booklets, a PowerPoint, posters for younger students to write on, writing practice and quiz sheets, and Pepper's Classroom Items to Use as Labels, Cards or as "at-a-glance" Sheets.
Interview with a Native Madrileña has 12 MP3s of an interview with a native from #Madrid.Transcripts, questions and answer keys are also included. The purpose is to train students from level 3 on to understand native speech and contemporary themes in #Spanish. However, this can also be assigned as reading activities. Get updates for learning and teaching languages: http://eepurl.com/_SjJP
Spanish Conversation Boards on Food:  A fun, an engaging activity for students to communicate in the target language.
Tons of ideas for the first week or two of WL classes; examples in Spanish. Lesson plans, activities, classroom set-up, homework, syllabi, etc.
#spanish Train more! https://www.LanguageComics.com
Avancemos Book 1 for First Year Spanish - So many curriculum resources by Sol Azúcar
This worksheet is wondeful for students to get to know each other the first weeks of class.  It will allow them to interview each other. The package consists of two worksheets.  The first one has questiosn and answers in an easy format that can be used between two stduents to find about someone in the class.
This interactive unit in Spanish is a great package to introduce students to basic classroom commands  and to have fun while they perform the commands in class using TPR techniques.  They will enjoy rehearsing commands, learning commands and finally writing their own routines while moving around the classroom.
17 Funny False Friends in Spanish
La hora
Ser Packet by LA SECUNDARIA  | Teachers Pay Teachers
Engaging I have, Who has activity in #Spanish to get students out of their desks and learning the #Spanish-speaking #Countries and #Capitals.
DIY Farmhouse Magnolia Wreath - unOriginal Mom
Spanish Interrogative Words: Great questions for getting to know each other at the beginning of the school year. Students choose the correct word and then interview their partner using the questions on the worksheet. Follow Up Mingle Activity with directions also included in this lesson.
AP Spanish Vocabulary for Triángulo aprobado.  Get one unit FREE with this packet. These activities & assessments supplement the book, “Triángulo Aprobado” & include all the chapters, “Los desafíos mundiales, La ciencia y la tecnología, La vida contemporánea, Las identidades personales y públicas, Las families y las comunidades, La belleza y la estética” & all 36 subchapters. Includes: Cover page for each chapter; Vocab lists with synonyms, definition, use in context; 36 quizzes, Activities...
You can't beat this quick sour cream dip for an easy party food. It's a reader favorite!
Sólo falta una persona para cambiar tu vida: tú (Ruth Casey). ✿ Spanish learning / Spanish Language / Spanish vocabulary / Spoken Spanish / More fun Spanish Resources at http://espanolautomatico.com ✿ Share it with people who want to learn Spanish!
El verbo haber
These posters on the irregular verb ESTAR are a great visual teaching tool for beginning Spanish students. This unit includes 17 colored posters and 11 worksheets!
This Back to School bundle will allow you to begin your Spanish class the right way.  The first vocabulary set has all the rules and regulations for…
Orange Chicken 30 Minute Skillet Recipe: A easy dinner idea that is family…
IR AND IR + A + INFINITIVE PACKET by LA SECUNDARIA  | Teachers Pay Teachers
Qué difícil es hablar el español - put on your listening ears and challenge your language skills - for advanced / proficiency and native Spanish speakers
Actividades para septiembre:  A great selection of interactive activities for the Spanish language classroom!
The Linguistic Diversity of the Spanish Language
Fall Spanish Interactive Notebook Activities - 14 different activities for fall, Halloween, and Thanksgiving.  These can be used for interactive notebooks or as craftivities.
This five page worksheet will allow you to cover to basic Spanish units.  the Time unit and favorite hobbies and activities.  It is essential that students learn time in order to be able to take buses and public transportation.  This project will allow students to write in Spanish an account of their day.
Esta tabla da las definiciones a palabras cotidianas.
A treasure hunt makes Spanish reading practice fun for kids.
25 Unforgettably Hilarious Spanish Expressions & Idioms [Infographic]
Tuscan Kale and White Bean Spaghetti Squash Bake // Vegan + Gluten Free + Low…
Fun, animated powerpoint to teach Ir.  Includes both destinations and future actions using Ir+a+infinitve.
¿Se escribe con V o B?
Spanish Test
How Spanish got its ñ - the story behind that "n with a tilde"
Me encanta escribir en español: ¿Cómo te sientes? (ejercicio interactivo)
Teach the Spanish AR verb conjugations using this fun, animated power point!
Dia de Muertos No Prep Printables for the Spanish language classroom.  This unit includes a bilingual reading on the Day of the Dead, vocabulary exercises, cognates, grammar, puzzles art and more.  Have fun celebrating Dia de Muertos this year without having to prepare anything!
Homemade Seasonings
Novelty Cotton Fabric-Sweater Foxes
Spanish Clothing Poster - Italian, French and Spanish Language Teaching Posters | Second Story Press
Tiempo libre
lista de verbos más usados en español
Root beer cupcake recipe. Enjoy the flavor of your favorite beverage as a dessert recipe instead!
Understanding "Ya" and "Todavía". Spanish grammar. #learnspanish #Spanishvocabulary #languages #expressions #spanish #idioms #learning If you find this info graphic useful, please share, like or pin it for your friends.
Spanish mini books by Mundo de Pepita teach kids language in the context of a story. Download a free printable mini book for children learning Spanish.
Practice the verb "Gustar" in a variety of different ways.  Appropriate for Beginning and Intermediate Spanish language students!
MI FAMILIA
Are you looking for an organized, EDITABLE and cute way to keep up with classroom helper jobs? This classroom job chart in Spanish is perfect for you!
El rinconcito de Audición y Lenguaje: Ejercicios para la Deglución Atípica
#thanksgivingspanishThis interactive unit will provide you all the handouts you need to have your students write about their favorite Thanksgiving activities in Spanish. The students also learn Fall/Thanksgiving Spanish words. It is user friendly and FUN .They only need to copy from the writing prompt to their "10 Favorite Thanksgiving List" They will be amazed when they have ten sentences written all in Spanish.
EL VERBO TENER
Spanish Ser Estar Interactive Notebook Activity by Angie Torre includes: Student Handout explaining the use of the verbs, “ser” and “estar”-conjugations of 5 tenses with both verbs; common expressions with ser and estar; examples of the different uses in context; demonstration of the difference in meaning of the two verbs in like sentences and Organizer Activity in which students write sample sentences for each use of the verbs, “ser” and “estar”: 9 uses for “ser” and 11 uses for estar
Confesiones y Realidades: La Nochebuena ¡Bilingüe!
100  GLUTEN FREE HOLIDAY SIDE DISH RECIPES - Tons of gluten-free holiday side dish recipes, including stuffing, sweet potato casseroles, green bean casserole, gratins, salads and gravy
Flags of the World - Dominican Republic
No cutting or folding! These Interactive Notebook Activities keep students engaged as they learn about the Spanish Body and Health vocabulary and related expressions. Includes two listening activities and a writing activity.
Spanish Video for the Present Perfect Tense: Rodrigo and Jessica talk about what they have done in the past using the Spanish present perfect multiple times in context for comprehensible input. Also included are: the script, vocabulary, practice activities, and student handout on the present perfect
11 - Money Chargebacks & Your Business https://rachelbrenke.com/epi11/
▶ audioBoom / Portales Beginners' Spanish
¿Cómo se celebra la Navidad en algunos países de América Latina? | http://Visual.ly
Baked Ricotta and Goat Cheese with Candied Tomatoes
Omission is a new player in the gluten-free beer market
Breakfast Sushi- banana covered in peanut butter, sliced into bite size pieces, and rolled in rice krispies.
Grain Free Roll out Pie Crust. (Egg/Gluten/Dairy/Corn/Soy Free)
Fluffy and delicious Gluten Free breakfast Popovers! Super easy to make and SO yummy served hot with maple syrup!  No refined sugar, grain free, flourless, low-fat and a dairy-free option!  #grainfree #flourless #glutenfree #refinedsugarfree #celiac #coeliac
Roasted Corn Chowder (GF/DF)
Gluten Free Pancakes
Celiac Gluten is EVIL shirt top intolerance allergy by Meantjewlip, $18.00 HIlarious!!! LOVE IT
gluten free orange chicken
Gluten-Free Specialty Pizza
Dairy Free Chocolate Ice Cream with Toasted Coconut. This recipe uses Silk almond milk, coconut milk, & coconut oil to create the creamiest ice cream ever. So much healthier than traditional ice cream--you seriously won't believe it is dairy-free!
Gluten Free Pizza Pockets Calzone Recipe
Summer Vegetable Torta (Low Carb and Gluten Free)
GF Sweet Potatoes stuffed with Apples, Cranberries, and Pecans.
Vanilla-Strawberry AND Raspberry Coconut Macaroons   (Paleo, Dairy/Gluten/Egg/Refined Sugar Free, vegan)
Gluten Free | Fig Quinoa Salad
Zucchini and Fennel Dauphinoise
Gluten-free Vegan Butterfinger Cupcakes
We're now building up our blog with   delicious gluten free recipes and cutting edge articles on health food topics-a one-stop shop for the healthy dieter. Pls visit. Comments welcome-your voice counts!
Grain Free Maple Plantain Cake with Caramel Sauce | Ditch The Wheat
Gluten Free Mama's Basic Brownies - so perfect!
Gluten-Free Cinnamon Rolls
Healthy Holiday Fudge...made with 4 clean, healthy ingredients and they are raw, vegan, gluten-free, dairy-free, paleo-friendly and no refined sugar
The Trick to Avoiding Roller Marks When Painting Furniture
Vegetarian Split Pea Soup
domino art by Lisa M. Pace
Flourless Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Mini Blender Muffins - 100 calories & NO gluten, grains, flour, soy, dairy, oil, or refined sugar! 30-second recipe & they taste amazing!
Blueberry Oat Pancakes #glutenfree #vegan #yummy recipe!
Fresh Spring Pea Puree With Mint (dairy-free, gluten-free, vegan)
Slow Cooker Gluten-Free Chicken Soup for Body and Soul from Gluten Free Goddess; just in case you're still getting those cool spring nights! [via Slow Cooker from Scratch] #GlutenFree #Paleo
Crockpot Honey Chicken
I think this might have to be breakfast one day this weekend (and maybe dessert too!!!) lol!  Chocolate Oat Peanut Butter Stuffed Pancake: Gluten Free, No Sugar Added
gluten-free dairy-free school lunches
No Bake Gluten Free Key Lime Pie - Gluten-Free on a Shoestring
Sausage and Peppers Meatball Recipe (low carb and gluten free) by ibreatheimhungry.com
Pumpkin Swirl Cheesecake Shared on https://www.facebook.com/LowCarbZen
In The Kitchen With Honeyville: Almond Flour Pumpkin Doughnuts Recipe
Indian Chicken Soup Recipe –Tamilnadu Kozhi Soup
Simple Dairy-Free, Egg-Free Eggnog {Raw, Vegan, Paleo, SCD-Friendly, Refined Sugar-Free} >>> Ready in Minutes!
Chewy Vegan + Gluten-free Brownies [the very best!] | edibleperspective.com #glutenfree #vegan
Decadent and Moist Dark Chocolate Christmas Cake with a Scandinavian Twist! Gluten-free and with recipe for homemade Marzipan and Sugared Cranberries!    #glutenfree #cake #cranberries #christmas #holiday
Yummy, fudge-y, amazing brownies are gluten free, dairy free and vegan. YES, they are! | tiaskitchen.com/chocolate-mint-brownies-gluten-free-dairy-free-vegan #GlutenFree #vegan #recipe
Caramel Cardamom Pear Jam | (made without artificial pectin) heartbeetkitchen.com
5-minute Hot Gluten-Free Garlic Ciabatta! Super for a quick but tasty lunch, or as a side to dress up dinner!  #glutenfree
Gluten-free powdered donuts from Katz
This Veggie Lo Mein recipe is so fast and easy. Filled with protein, veggies and gluten free!
Your going to love this Super Moist Gluten FREE Banana Bread baked with @bobsredmill gluten free flour #BRMHolidays #CleverGirls
homemade_spaghetti_sauce
Fudgy Paleo Brownies
These Free Printable BBQ Invitations will make it easy to throw a Farewell Summer Bash!
Gluten free slow cooker meatloaf is moist and tender, with a delicious crusty glaze. This is comfort food at its very finest! Click through for recipe!
S'more Bites
Disney Sofia the First Deluxe Costume - Toddler
My best #glutenfree, #wholegrain #bread, ever! (#vegan, #lowglycemic, #healthy, #soyfree, #eggfree, #top8free recipe)
7 Things Only Gluten Free People Deal With
PumpkinSteamerSquare
A nice warm filling frugal meal for a cold winters night. Mmmmm… This is one recipe I love because its a throw-together-in-the-crockpot in the morning type meal..one I don’t have to think about. Plus it turns out perfectly every time. Enjoy! This recipe also works well for a quick freezer meal. Typically I add all …
Lavender Lotion Bar Recipe
Halloween Printables: Potion Ingredient Tags - The Idea Room
Cheesy Buffalo Chicken Pizza Sticks from www.inspiredtaste.net #recipe #pizza
Home Decor Sheer Fabric- Waverly Be Leaf Me Cream
75+ Gift Ideas under $5
Gnocchi With Pomodoro Sauce | foodiecrush.com
How to Make a Pallet Snowman - Home for Christmas | Crafts a la mode
Better Homes and Gardens Persian Damask with Room-Darkening Lining Rod Pocket Window Panel, Blue - Walmart.com
Creamy Potato Soup - A super easy soup that is thrown in the slow cooker. the-girl-who-ate-everything.com
Winter Vegetable and Lentil Red Curry with Cilantro Lime Cauliflower Rice
mudpie-dress-4.jpg 700×1,252 pixels
Gorgeous texture of gluten free white bread without xanthan gum
Healthy cookies - 3 mashed bananas (ripe), 1/3 cup apple sauce, 2 cups oats, 1/4 cup almond milk, 1/2 cup raisins, 1 tsp vanilla, 1 tsp cinnamon. preheat oven to 350 degrees. bake for 15-20 minutes. NO SUGAR!
Gluten Free Pumpkin Spice Popovers
before + after linen closet
DIY Make your Own Dinosaur Egg Dig Tutorial - such an easy recipe to make your own dino eggs using coffee grinds! Perfect for birthday parties and hands on Montessori activities.
Try this easy recipe for low carb beef stroganoff in the slow cooker. #glutenfree #lchf #lowcarb | ditchthecarbs.com
Sugar free mint ice cream with a sugar free magic shell. Such an incredible combination. The ice cream is egg free and the magic shell is dairy free. | ditchthecarbs.com
You'll need a fork and knife to dig into this sensational salad that's easy to prepare but looks impressive on a plate.
45 Drool-Worthy Paleo Desserts - grain free, gluten free, dairy free, refined sugar free recipes to satisfy your sweet tooth. What The Fork Food Blog | http://www.whattheforkfoodblog.com/2016/04/14/45-drool-worthy-paleo-desserts/
How-to: Gluten Free Doughnuts from @SincerelyCSK
Healthy salmon zoodles with pesto and feta. Clean eating at its best. Low carb and gluten free. | ditchthecarbs.com
Low Carb Bread Sticks - The Low Carb Diet
Pastel libanés de naranja. SIN HARINA NI ACEITE. 4 huevos L, 450 de naranjas (4 medianas), 200 de azúcar, 200 de almendra, 1/2 sobre de levadura, azúcar glass y 1 cucharadita de agua de azahar.
Packed with plant-based protein and fiber, this Lentil Salad with Kale, Cherry Tomatoes, Almonds, and Lemon Vinaigrette is a light, yet deliciously filling lunch!
No Bake Rice Crispy Treat Granola Bars (gluten, dairy, egg free)
Dessert for breakfast! Easy Peach Crisp with Chia Seeds and Ginger ( Healthy, Vegan, Gluten Free ) | Recipe @thespicyrd www.eastewart.com
This recipe for Cajun shrimp and sausage pasta is sauteed shrimp and smoked…
Vanilla Caramel Frappuccino - Low Carb, Paleo and Gluten Free. So darn yummy!!
Watch why frosted flakes are regarded as healthy, yet avocado, nuts and salmon are not. It's time to ignore the healthy eating guidelines.
Magical Paleo Pumpkin Crumble Bars- Grain free, Low Carb and Gluten Free. So…
Apple Cider Pumpkin Bread via @gogogogourmet
Mellow cocoa flavour, smooth and creamy Coco Pops Ice Cream! (No churn)
No sugar, gluten-free, egg-free, grain-free chocolate oreo cake.
Cherry Chocolate Black Bean Brownie Bites at The Gluten-Free Homemaker
Chinese Chicken and Broccoli Crockpot Freezer Meal is so good, tastes better than take out!
For all you low carb, sugar free, gluten free, grain free recipes this season visit our recipe finder where you can plan meals, snacks, and read articles. Start the christmas season by making small changes, don't wait until the new year to make a healthy resolution. www.ditchthecarbs... | #sugarfree #healthy #newyearnewyou #nsng #wheatfree #glutenfree #loseweight #cleaneating #paleo #primal
Cinnamon Coffee Cake with Streusel Crumb Topping | Go Go Go Gourmet @gogogogourmet
Felt Pine Trees
Cosmetic bag sewing patterns - a few great little projects for Christmas presents!
Crock Pot Kid-Friendly Turkey Chili | Skinnytaste
These 21 images will inspire you to spice up your classic white tee!
Poison Proof Your Home While Spring Cleaning. National Poison Prevention Week, March 16-22, 2014
30  Tin Foil Packet Camping Recipes
Rollerballs, please! Vanille Insensée Cologne Absolue Pure Perfume - Atelier Cologne | Sephora
Pumpkin Layer Cake with Orange Ginger Filling and Cinnamon Cream Cheese Frosting from Crunchy Creamy Sweet blog
Skillet Baked Candy Bar Stuffed Double Cookie - Picky Palate
Peanut butter bread recipe
1 Bowl Vegan Gluten Free Berry Coconut Muffins! Healthy, easy and So moist and delicious! #vegan #glutenfree #healthy
Soft Spiced Cocoa Pumpkin Cookies
Brow Enhancer - SEPHORA COLLECTION | Sephora
Sweet Potato Pie Smoothie with Banana
Chocolate Chip Pie - one of our favorite pies ever. Basically a chocolate chip cookie in a pie. So good! the-girl-who-ate-everything.com
compression_girdle.jpg
These SUPER SOFT Sprinkle Pudding cookies are so so easy and loaded with vanilla flavor!
The Ultimate Detox Smoothie Recipe • She Uncovered
615
gouda grits with smoky brown butter shrimp. gouda. grits. (also known as fancy cheese grits, but I digress) I am so making this.
You don't need to go to Disney to enjoy the delicious Pineapple Dole Whip! This Pineapple Dole Whip recipe is super easy & tastes JUST like the real thing.
Herb Lover's Oven Potato Fries for Valentines - TheFitFork.com
Cabbage Slaw with Honey Yogurt Lime Vinaigrette - An easy, healthy, winter side that you won't be able to put down! - The Lemon Bowl
Clinton Kelly’s Oven-Fried Chicken Recipe
April Arms.
A simple technique to get a fabulous color washed effect on wood!
Orange Pineapple Pig Pickin' Cake
What a super breakfast or grab and go snack for anyone who wants something healthy, filling, and ful ...
Crock Pot Pork Tacos with Crunchy Carrot Slaw | The Endless Meal
Simple Salad Recipes - The Idea Room
pyjama 2
25 amazing cake mix hack recipes
S'Mores stuffed cookies recipe. Delicious cookies stuffed with fluffy marshmallows. Perfect for a winter night in or around the campfire in the summer.
Broccoli Quinoa Salad is one meal salad with variety of herbs and toasted almonds. Light dinner waiting for you in the fridge on a hot summer night.
EASY 30 minute Asian Quinoa Salad! Big flavor, lots of protein, SO delicious! #vegan #glutenfree #salad #quinoa #recipe
Apple Pie Bread (1) From: Pip And Ebby, please visit
Traditional Tejano Pinto Beans (Slow Cooker) - The Food Charlatan
This may sound very un-American of me. But I think the first time I ever ate beef brisket was when I was well into my adulthood and  we had just moved to Texas. My husband was in the military and it was my first time living on the other side of the Mississippi River.  I grew...Read More »
3-Ingredient Crock Pot Applesauce via @cookeatpaleo
Perfect Fall Crafts - love pine cones!
Pumpkin Pie Cupcakes With Cream Cheese Whipped Cream
DIY Tutorial - How to Make R2D2 Cups For Your Star Wars Party
Spruce up spaghetti squash with roasted broccoli, tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella and basil for an easy, low-carb vegetarian meal. Recipe from Eating Purely.
Recipe: Best Ever Apple Pie & Recipe for a Double Pie Crust #MyMarianos #shop
.
This No Bake Oreo Cheesecake is easy, fast, foolproof and filled with Oreos!! It's the perfect summer recipe!
Smothered Chicken Casserole {and Cookbook Giveaway!}
rustic ring bearer attire // macy marie photography wedding
Snowman+Cookies
Reese's Krispies ohsweetbasil.com
Turning Dingbat Fonts into Print and Cut Designs in Silhouette Studio (for Stickers and More) ~ Silhouette School
Butterscotch pudding and a sprinkling of chopped peanuts give these Peanut Butter Fudge Bites their moist and nutty appeal.
baked eggs with white beans and roasted tomatoes | sunday suppers
James Perse tank - non maternity clothes you an wear during pregnancy on redsoledmomma.com
How To Dress On An Airplane | Darling Magazine. Lol! I just sent this to a fellow pinner who loves to tell me about how she dresses poorly for flights; knowing it's a HUGE pet-peeve of mine. Stop trying to Walmart-ize air travel, people!!!!
The pink hair, the shoes, the different styles all still somehow cohesive... Very good fashion choices, whether her's or a stylist. xo
5 White Eye Makeup Looks to Inspire Your Snow Season Beauty | Byrdie
double stick on glass
Light-Switch-DIY
see by chloe kay small wallet
S'Mores Blossom Cookies
How Not to Look Like a Tourist in Rome- My addition would be don't cry in sheer joy at everything you see, touch, way or hear.  Because I most definitely be sobbing everywhere
This is an amazing detox water recipe.  You must try it!  Three simple ingredients to kick start your weight loss.
Frame Denim Fall 2015 Ready-to-Wear - Collection - Gallery - Style.com
fall / winter - street style - street chic style - casual outfits - black windowpane circle skirt   white turtleneck sweater   black heeled over the knee boots   black shoulder bag
Essense of Australia Spring 2016
Intimate Fireside Sweetheart Table for a Striking Modern Wedding | Allen Tsai Photography | http://heyweddinglady.com/edgy-modern-wedding-dramatic-blood-orange-black/
Set the Serene One-Piece Swimsuit in Emerald. A lagoon is the perfect cool-off spot, so today youre lounging on the shore in this emerald-green one piece! #green #modcloth
MOTHER   Candice Swanepoel Looker Ankle Fray in The Angel With 100 Wings | REVOLVE
Beloved chocolate brands Ghirardelli and Scharffen Berger were both founded in San Francisco
James Perse Long Sleeve V Neck Tee
gorgeous
Top: Marni/ Leather pants: DNA/ Pumps: Valentino/ Sunglasses: Anine Bing/ Rings: MelanO Jewelry.
kale salad recipe!
Story Time Pin
via @mija_mija on Instagram http://ift.tt/1XSMpHU
So cute! I agree this is cute. Have a nice day and drink lots of coffee and have fun on pinterest. The Incensewoman
I've made this so many times!! This Dill Pickle dip is one of our favorites needing only 4 ingredients and 5 minutes! The perfect quick dip for parties and snacks!
Candy Warhols Gutter Candy: Lindsay Lohan and Kirsten Dunst Miu Miu
A teacher's face when... she gets called to the principal's office and wonders "Oh, God, what did I do?"
#SlimAarons | Hotel Taormina Pool | #HamburgKennedyPhotographs http://www.printed-editions.com/artwork/slim-aarons-hotel-taormina-pool-3118
Kids Birthday Party Ideas, Maternity Photography, Kids Crafts, Modern Nursery Decor, Family Blog | 100 Layer Cakelet
Homemade Imitation Lara Bars from www.adomesticwildflower.com
industrial cage light fixture - looks cool and gives you lots of light to work under. As seen on designsponge.
A winter wonderland scene with crystal chandeliers and beautiful white blooms that filled this custom, sheer-draped tent for added classic sparkle. Event Planning
Mango Banana Swirl Smoothie | Get 3 frozen, ripe, sliced bananas and place in high-speed blender or food processor with about 1/2  cup (or more if needed) of almond milk. Blend until smooth and creamy. Pour half of that mixture into your mason jar or cup. Add 1 fresh mango to the blender along with 1 more frozen, sliced banana and a little more almond milk. Blend until smooth and layer on top!
The only way to do the smoky-eye, nude-lip combo.
"Untitled #18814" by florencia95 ❤ liked on Polyvore featuring T By Alexander Wang, H
Who made  Rosie Huntington-Whiteley's green jacket, suede boots, brown sunglasses, black skinny jeans, gold jewelry, and quilted handbag?
How to thyroid proof your diet | Butter Nutrition
Adam Zohar 2016 Bridal Collection
Garance Dore, if we choose not to wear much make up, be sure and have style no matter what, wear a smile with sparkly white teeth
Who needs a beachwear when you can have a lovely floral bathing suit that does it all? That is the right one.  Perfect for packing away on your next vacay! This sassy piece will have everyone staring at pool side!
candy corn punch recipe | nelliebellie.com |#beverages #recipes #halloween
Mixed Media Blog Project - Crackle Fun With Altered Playing Cards - Altered�
Well when you use the word boyfriend it just makes it weird. Love interest people. Love interest.
Jess Ann Kirby   classic spring style   distressed denim jeans   striped tee   pastel coloured blazer   cute and casual spring look Blazer: Reiss, Jeans: Revolve, Sandals: Dune.
A simple pasta + spinach salad with crunchy apples, celery, and toasted pecans…
nursery colorboard soft pastel (I think the big animals on the wall are kind of scary though)
Kendall Jenner à l'église de Agoura Hills pour la messe de Pâques à Hagoura Hills le 27 Mars 201
"Elena Gilbert outfit (vampire diaries)" by adriannablest on Polyvore featuring Frame Denim, Anine Bing and Converse
Pug cupcakes  <3
cruisy denim. Behati #offduty in NYC. #BehatiPrinsloo
#686 Emeline by blueberrylexie on Polyvore featuring Steven Alan, Madewell, Zara, Topshop, Kate Spade, Rebecca Minkoff, Cara, Christian Dior, Japonesque and Smashbox
https://www.google.nl/search?q=wes anderson
Bacon Crack. A.K.A Bacon Saltine Cracker Candy. If you've never tried this you're missing out! Oh boy! The brown sugar against the saltiness of the bacon, and the combination with the caramel. Gosh! This is an easy recipe, and well... simply delicious! This recipe has been generously shared by Cathy Kopp.  Cathy's also kindly added a few notes and tips along the way so everyone can make this! Prep Time: 10 minutes Cook Time: 5 minutes Serves: 16 inch x 11 inch tray Ingredients: 1 1/2 sleeves ...
Lauren de Graaf photographed by Tom Newton for Into the Gloss
And this one will have you climbing for books for hours. | 17 Beautiful Rooms For The Book-Loving Soul
brown corduroy skinnies, navy short sleeved sweater, flats. (kirsten dunst)
Indigo notecards
Python by Celine.
Whole Wheat Artisan Bread Recipe by The Cozie // Pinterest: @sofibat | Instagram: sofibatt | Snapchat:sasofiab
Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Brownies
BATHROOM UPGRADES - BLEUBIRD
Tips to Avoid Getting Robbed at an Open House! Information http://sellingwarnerrobins.com/tips-to-avoid-getting-robbed-at-an-open-house/
the-streetstyle: Patchwork Suedeviaweworewhat  the-streetstyle:  Patchwork Suede viaweworewhat
The Best Doctored Up Cake Mix Cake
Jane Birkin | @andwhatelse
Holiday On-The-Go Style with Blogger Avestyles // Featuring Synergy Organic Clothing Bamboo Pema Dress
Moon Fries - Cool kids fashion #powerfull
beach print + striped rugs
wiil+&+Grace+quotes | Christmas quotes television tv show raindeer will and grace karen ...
Sierra Furtado
Learn how to turn a regular Mason jar into a delectable blue or turquoise tinted blue mason jars!
Pull réversible marinière avec laçage - Pulls - Maje.com
Fascinator Dark Blue feathers peacock feather by KathysLittleAttic, $22.00
Something Blue.
Raw Cashew Dip
brushes
Best Clam Chowder
chicken-fettuccine-casserole-4
Naama Anat Fall 2016 Wedding Dress
Hidden Paris Photography Walking Tour.
The BEST Apple Crisp Ever! Recipe on TastesBetterFromScratch.com
Make A Plastic Garbage Can Look High End
Dollar store craft to make
These sweet Chocolate Covered Cherry Truffles are the perfect way to say "I love you" this Valentine's Day! A sweet cherry fudge dipped in chocolate, you'll want to make this recipe any time of year!
Lots of great ideas. I really want to do the pearl thing. It says its in epcot, but do they not have this at down town disney as well?
Bali 1" Leaf Urn Decorative Curtain Rod
This Apple Crumb Cake is full of warm spices, apple chunks, and Greek yogurt to keep it soft! This recipe has a super thick crumb layer and is a perfect fall cake.
From Diaper Box to Stylish Storage
Pina Colada Milkshakes
Delicious, clean eating, gluten free tortillas!
If you cook your chicken breast like this, you will never again have to chew your way through a dry and tasteless chicken breast to get all the good protein you want. Give it a try!
The Morning High-Five I have a love/hate relationship with summer. I love that we’re free to do what we want, but I strongly dislike that we always end up sitting around doing nothing. And there’s nothing more annoying to me than looking at a group of children, lounging in their pajamas, watching TV late in …
How to Make Chocolate “Hunny Pots” with Honey Mousse | SugarHero.com
One of my favorite desserts of all time - Ambrosia Salad! So easy to make and always a big hit with kids and adults alike, serve this at your next party!
Pumpkin Crunch Cake - This is THE pumpkin crunch cake recipe that you've been…
Dark Chocolate Cream Horns
Free personalized printable with your childs name on it to practice writing with. HOW COOL IS THIS!!
The Best Portuguese Kale Soup is a delicious way to enjoy healthy kale! Sausage, beans and potatoes simmer with kale and plenty of garlic for a hearty soup.
Make your favourite store-bought classics into something more decadent with these delicate Oreo macarons. | livforcake.com via @livforcake
Gender Reveal Party from Simply Bloom Photography
Camping Themed Baby Shower
Outdoor Family Photos in Estes Park, CO
Intimate maternity shoot
What a cute bunny!
Round up your little cowboy with this Wild West 9 piece Cowboy Nursery #CribBedding set. This cute cowboy themed nursery set showcases prints, plaids, and denims for a country cozy feel. Embroidered with horseshoes and sheriff stars through out! #FreeShipping and just $199.99!
Blessings for the baby pinned to board
Breastfeeding: Healthy Diet Healthy Baby - An option for that occasional bottle - #Breastfeeding #blogreview
#SharingIsCaringBlogHop #Halloween Edition 5 Fun Mommy-and-Me Halloween Costumes for Babies
Curry-Roasted Broccoli | #glutenfree #grainfree #dairyfree #vegan #paleo
Make a shirt dress cozy by layering it with a soft sweater. I http://www.alittledashofdarling.com/2014/09
Homemade Christmas Chocolate Spoons are a wonderful treat during the holidays season. These fun spoons compliment a cup of coffee, a mug of hot chocolate, or even a warm glass of milk. These make GREAT gifts!
Grey and Orange Stripe Laundry Clothes Hamper - Sweet Jojo Designs
Low Carb Thai Fish Cakes with barramundi
alt description.
The Best Crockpot Minestrone Soup - FamilyFreshMeals.com - The best crockpot minestrone soup
vanilla pear, jam, pear jam, jam recipes, pears, canning, jam, jelly recipes, vanilla beans
Avocado Pasta
img_4350
FREE SHIPPINGKnit Fingerless Gloves in Salmon by Need4KnitShop
Instant Chocolate Fudge
Slow Cooker Chicken Enchilada Soup #recipe on foodiecrush.com
Salted Nut Roll Bites
homemade granola recipe
If you're looking for great accents for your baby's nursery, without breaking your budget, check out these 25 DIY nursery decor ideas. From art to organization and storage, your baby's nursery will be transformed. #7 is brilliant.
Need help piecing together the perfect home? Call today to schedule your in home consultation with Cobblestone Gift Shop's in house interior designer 513-897-0021 http://www.cobblestonevillageandcafe.com/pages/interiordesign/
Herbal Infused Whipped Body Butter Recipe - Herbal Academy
20 Super Easy Hair Looks – Cute Hairstyles 2016 | Daily Makeover
All Natural Lice Deterrent Spray helps to keep the bugs away this school year!
New to GlassCat on Etsy: Beach Jewelry Heron Pendant Fused Glass Nature Pendant Stone Look Glass Pendant Ocean Scene Oval Glass Pendant Green and Pink Pendant (25.00 USD)
5 Simple and Delicious One-Pan Dinners via @PureWow
How to Remove Pee Stains from your mattress, and remove the smell!
http://www.callmepmc.com/old-fashioned-blue-ribbon-pound-cake/
Hanging Fresh Herbs in Mason Jars
White Trash Bars
Slow Cooker Stuffed Bell Peppers- so easy and so delicious! (Paleo and Gluten-free)
Cannoli Cupcakes | Recipes I Need
Grilled Chinese Chicken Kabobs from SixSistersStuff.com #chicken #dinner #grilling
Slow Cooker BBQ Ribs on SixSistersStuff.com - so easy to make and so delicious!
NATURALLY SWEETENED Apple Pie Sundaes! Tender cinnamon apples with Coconut Ice Cream & Toasty Pecans! #vegan #apple
Woven Scoth Plaid Afghan :: free plaid crochet pattern!
pumpkin chai crumble muffins I howsweeteats.com
Valentine Heart Shaped Pizza Recipe
Houdini Bars: they taste like cheesecake, coconut cream pie, and birthday cake – all at once. True to the name, they disappear fast!
Guilt-free Grilling: Ginger-Marinated Grilled Portobello Mushrooms - MommaYoung & Friends
Slow-Cooker Balsamic Roast Beef-1 3-4 pound boneless roast beef (chuck or round roast) 1 cup beef broth ½ cup balsamic vinegar 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce 1 tablespoon soy sauce 1 tablespoon honey ½ teaspoon red pepper flakes 4 cloves garlic, chopped (4 hours on High or 6-8 hours on Low)
Crock Pot Chicken Enchilada Soup
PARMESAN GARLIC QUINOA (you'll never eat mac & cheese again!)
fall decor
Fall Decorating.. fall mantle ideas.
US $199.99 Free Shipping Sheath/Column Strapless Sleeveless Short/Mini Satin Party Dress
'Someone Out There Cares About You': Teen Blogger on Social Media, Bullying, Attempting Suicide, and Changing Her Life
leopard coat
Santa nails.
Party Supplies to Celebrate New Year's Eve
Dr Seuss Cupcakes for kids. I created some from the Lorax, Cat in the Hat, and One Fish, Two Fish, and OObleck. #drseuss
Cheeseburger Pockets I Mommy Hates Cooking
10 Easy Crock Pot Recipes
Easter Kids Crafts
Barefeet In The Kitchen: Turtle Cheesecake with Caramel, Chocolate and Pecans
25+ super fun, pumpkin-themed math, science, literacy, crafts and games for kids.
@Savannah Hall Silvey , I thought of Brother right away! LOL Batman Symbol Decorated Sugar Cookies!
Apply glitter to the acorns then put them in a jar to display during fall.
Nativity Felt Christmas Ornament/ Decoration BY  GeorgeNRuby@Etsy: SOLD. * Made using Wool Blend Felt * Black background with hand cut and stitched felt nativity scene. No glue is used. * Embellishments are one side of ornament only * White ribbon attached  * Lightly filled with Poly-Fil * Size 3 1/2" in diameter (9cm)...
24 Days of Cookies: Day 17 Mini Holiday Confetti Cookies:  Round out your holiday treat tray with homemade bite-size cookies covered in sprinkles.#MakeMerry
Top 10 French Tip Nail Art Designs
Your thinking about getting your kids baby chicks for spring? Here are some things to consider.
Sloppy Lasagna - a one pot lasagna casserole made in the pressure cooker - Pressure Cooking Today
The correct and best way to freeze lasagna in individual servings! Via Macheesmo
: spinach, mushroom  feta crustless quiche, also- use egg whites instead to lower calorie count
Tuna Sandwich Rosquita Style ~ Lydia's Flexitarian Kitchen
Jerk BBQ Slider Recipe by Busha Browne
Smores Ice Cream
10 Tips To Creating A More Creative, Productive Home #Office ➤ http://CARLAASTON.com/designed/tips-for-creative-productive-home-office-regina-leeds By @ZenOrg1
Cinnamon Rolls in Vintage Tins
21dayfixcrockpot
Gourdoughs Donuts Austin Texas
The Pioneer Woman Flea Market Decorated 9" Ruffle Top Pie Plate and 2.3-Quart Ruffle Top Bakeware
S’mores Pie Recipe
Stovetop Pulled Tandoori Chicken- Moist, flavourful and juicy pulled chicken made over the stovetop and ready in 20 MINUTES- No need for a slow cooker! Paleo, Gluten Free, Dairy Free and Whole30 friendly!  @thebigmansworld.com - thebigmansworld.com
You might find something original to give as a present but you will often struggle to find anything original to match the contents when it comes to gift wrap. Have you tried photo gift wrap?
Good To Know..
Crock-Pot Blackberry Cobbler - CrockPotLadies.com
Make a Plastic Pumpkin Archway from cheap pumpkin pails - 7 more creative ideas eclecticallyvintage.com
Good morning, sunshine! Looking for a morning haircare routine that starts your day off right? See how Cathy uses @Dove Oxygen Moisture to go from bedhead to bombshell hair #HairConfidence #ad http://bit.ly/DovePoorlittleitgirl
Julia Childs Chicken Breasts with Mushrooms and White Wine Cream Sauce ~ WARNING: If you make this dish, you may be tempted to lick the remaining sauce from the pan! The mushroom and cream sauce that smothers the chicken breasts in this recipe is so divine!
Cranberry White Chocolate Muffins - Soft, fluffy, and bursting with berries in every bite! Perfect way to use your fresh cranberries!!
Cranberry Christmas Cake
Easy Enchilada Casserole CONTENT
Homestyle Sausage Stuffing
Christmas crafts and ideas! Rudolph Christmas Card
Homemade Coffee Creamers
30 Things I Simply Stopped Buying (and Why You Should Too!)
Homemade Body Butter Cream Recipe (Lavender)
No Bake Cookies (Paleo, Grain-Free, Gluten-Free, Dairy-Free)
100 Clever Valentines Day Sayings
Football Snacks and Party Ideas - Cupcakes and Cutlery
This very loud rest. | 18 Things That Are Only Funny To Musicians
Snowmen
This copycat Szechuan Shrimp and Broccoli recipe is ridiculously tasty and ready in just 20 minutes. Skip the restaurant and whip up this healthy dish at home!
Crocodile Stitch Back @OombawkaDesign
Vegan Curried Cauliflower Wrap with Hummus
Slow Cooker Baby Back Ribs
Loaded Baked Omelet Muffins | Skinnytaste
Chicken and Vegetable Risotto // One Lovely Life
Healthy chips? Yes! Cucumber chips are super simple to make, and are equally delicious as they are healthy. They make the perfect snack for kids and adults.
ArtStation - The Royal Knights, Yeon-jung Kim
WARMING UP WHITE DECOR
How awesome would these tables + built in ice boxes be for a small outdoor wedding?
Easy Peach Tea Recipe
30 Days of Lunch Boxes | Peanut Blossom
The Country Cook: Banana Nut Bread
16GB Dog Tag USB Drive Giveaway Good Luck from Tom's Take On Things Support Our Troops
End of Season Softball Gifts | Personalized softball cookies! End of season gift for the girls and ...
This Southwester spaghetti squash is now one of my latest rave. This humble squash is so versatile and you’d be amazed how many wonderful gluten free plant based dishes you can create using this vegetable
Hot Chocolate Cookie Cups Recipe
These Skinny Bell Pepper Nacho Boats are  Low-Carb, Low-Calorie, High Protein and High in Taste!
Easy Italian Pasta Salad Both
How to make a fake window transom for over a doorway
These galaxy cookies are beautiful
Home Maintenance: Is Your Home Getting The Care It Needs?
Healthy Recipes - These Flourless Pumpkin Muffins are moist, delicious, and super easy to make. They’re gluten-free, oil-free and dairy-free!
Are you on the overnight oats train? It's a quick, easy, HEALTHY breakfast! Here are 7 ideas to get you started.
Chocolate Chip Cookies - simple, tasty and totally grain free and sugar free.
15 Health Benefits of Avocados That You Didn't Know - DontMesswithMama.com
Cheesy Bacon Zucchini Skins |- Loaded with Monterey Jack cheese, bacon, green…
Jerk BBQ Slider Recipe perfect anytime or during the next big game.
How to Make Homemade Stock or Broth - plus the benefits of drinking bone broth - DontMesswithMama.com
Tips on How to Pack Salads in Mason Jars + 5 Easy Recipes - DontMesswithMama.com
ground-beef-stroganoff
Fabulously gooey and outrageously delicious, these Slow Cooker Hot Fudge Turtle Brownies are going to rock your world! Hot fudge sauce, caramel, pecans, and gooey brownies come together for one irresistible dessert! // Mom On Timeout
Nutella Chocolate Chip Pumpkin Bread is filled with fall flavours and melt in your mouth chocolate chips! So perfect for fall!
20 Christmas Treats Kids Can Make - Capturing Joy with Kristen Duke
50+ Gluten-Free and Grain-Free Healthy Breakfast Recipes #glutenfree #grainfree #paleo #breakfastrecipe- DontMesswithMama.com
Rosemary and Garlic Roast Beef | www.oliviascuisine.com | Wow your dinner guests with this aromatic rosemary and garlic roast that is so simple to make and complete with a beautiful presentation paired with Rioja Reserva wines. #sponsored
If you are baking pies this holiday season, try using an idea or two from these 7 Hacks for Baking the Perfect Pie. Your pie recipe will look amazing with these helpful DIY tips!
argus lady carefree!
Little Priorities: Promethean Board Calendar Linky Party
Vintage Polaroid
Skinny Scallop Potatoes
Superhero Girl Super Hero Girl Birthday Shirt  Pink and Purple. $26.95, via Etsy.
Creamy Roasted Beet Pasta by EclecticRecipes.com #recipe
Clean lines, modern architecture.
Berry Fizz | Italian Soda or Cocktail Recipe | FamilyFreshCooking.com
Fjällbacka, Sweden
Basement Bedroom - cozy - love the wicker trunks at the end of the bed; simple headboard & pillow placement - soothing colors.
Cork project
House Envy: Manhattan Magic - lark&linenlark&linen
Turmeric Roasted Cashews With Chia
DIY Spa Treatments
Lemon Berry Cheesecake Puff Pastries
Ice Ice Berry Smoothie - super simple with no sugar added!
Apple Pie Cinnamon Rolls | The Hopeless Housewife
Cloud Nine Collection
Recipes - Apple Pie Bread Recipe at the36thavenue.com All the way delicious!
Best EVER chili! This is our favorite chili recipe of all time. We make this delicious soup multiple times every winter.
How to Make a Christmas Reindeer from Logs!
Tastes exactly like from the doughnut shop! No guilt!
DIY japanese printed bowls 3
essential oil recipes for diffusers
6 month old portraits - Google Search
Greek Yogurt New York Cheesecake with the most lickable brown sugar berry sauce on ohsweetbasil.com
These Mini Burritos are filled with seasoned meat, beans, and cheese. Serve them as an appetizer and let your guests top their own. the-girl-who-ate-everything.com
Comfortable with a shawl collar and all-over cable knit design, front pockets with button closure and ribbed trim, Classic Fit, Imported<br><Br>100% Cotton
broccoli salad 2
These crisp bean burritos are a great finger-food-- perfect for lunches or a quick snack. They remind me of little bean and cheese Chimichangas.
Paint the Stem
Slow Cooker Spaghetti Sauce - A rich and meaty spaghetti sauce easily made in the crockpot with just 10 min prep!
CopyCat Panera Broccoli Cheddar Soup Recipe. YUM! Pair this yummy soup with a salad for lunch or dinner. Save $$'s and make your favorites at home!
Be Bold: DIY Plank Wall - Lovely Etc.
Crockpot Potatoes Au Gratin
Teriyaki Chicken Casserole
Vegan Broccoli Raisin Salad
items you should be buying on amazon
These Buckeye Brownies are amazing! Rich chocolate brownies topped with a homemade peanut butter filling and chocolate ganache.
Colour Feelings Wheel
Mostly Homemade Mom: Loaded Oven Chili Dogs
Easy Egg Salad Sausage Sandwich recipe, perfect for lunch or dinner! #‎JDFAMILYTABLE‬ ‪#‎ad‬
Summer would  not be complete without a Classic Strawberry Shortcake filled with fresh whipped cream and sliced strawberries surrounded by a sugar topped biscuit | cookingwithcurls.com #feastNdevour
A refreshing twist on a classic cocktail recipe. Blackberry Moscow Mule PLUS 12 more creative Moscow Mule variations!
low sugar banana bread muffins
Blueberry Muffins with Streusel Topping
Caramel Cake - the most delicious cake ever!
hydrangeas secret
all white
Snowball Cookies from Land O'Lakes
Million Dollar Pasta, copyright www.thecountrycook.net
Great freebie anchor chart for your plant life cycle unit. Print and display or project onto your SMARTBoard
Included in this mini unit are:  M Candy Sorting/Graphing Activity  Conversation Hearts Sorting/Graphing Activity  What is your favorite Valentine candy graphing activity  3 Valentine Poems to build fluency
Pinteresting boards for elementary teachers
Environmental clip art
Exploring the Doubles Strategy for Addition and Subtraction
Math station game for 2 to 4 players.Students will practice or review identifying tally marks and number words.Meets Counting and Cardinality K....
This is a MEGA BUNDLE of my 6 sight word reader packs.  It covers a total of 30 sight words.  You wind up getting one pack for free by purchasing this mega bundle!
Are you teaching a unit on The Gingerbread Boy and would love a pack of comprehension  supplemental activities that would support a rich .
Fix the Sentences for Second Graders (33 sheets, 5 sentences on each sheet, sentences relate to a literature book) $
Looks so fun!
Great for our camping unit!
Great Bundle with CCSS Kindergarten Lesson Plan Template.  Word Work and Sight Word Centers!
DIY  ::   use two shelves from one of those wire shelving units and zip tie empty thread spools in all four corners and the middle.
I am SUPER excited to have 800 fabulous followers, that I am offering up this SENSATIONAL SUMMER Beach Ball UNO game for free!  The end of the scho...
Scaredy Squirrel Literacy Pack $
Education to the Core: Assess the Common Core Standards with Ease!
Word Family & Making Words Wheels {Short Vowels, Blends & Digraphs}
$ Orange Pumpkin, Orange Pumpkin, What Do You See? An ELA CCSS Aligned Themed Reading and Writing Unit about Pumpkins for K-1. Shared Reading Book, 3 Differentiated Leveled Reading Books, fun Writing and Literacy Activities.
FREE Formative Assessment for ANY Grade
Math & Literacy Centers - Christmas {137 pages}. A page from the unit: Count It cards
YES - this is the ORIGINAL Tutorial on how to make those big giant photo prints for super cheap - awesome.  the ultimate craft for home decor
Let's+Work+Smarter,+Not+Harder!!  **This+bundle+is+for+5+lessons+and+includes:  *lesson+outlines *a+two+page+condensed+12+problem+test+for+each+les...
Theme Task Cards by The Teacher Next Door have short stories with common themes  I just love task cards and think they are such a versatile tool for the classroom. You can use them in a literacy center, to play "Scoot", in small groups, or even individually. Another option is to use one card at a time with the whole class. .
These 32 Martin Luther King Jr. Fact and Opinion Task Cards by The Teacher Next Door will help your students practice the important reading skill of determining whether a statement is a fact or an opinion, while learning a few things about this important American.  Each task card has a piece of information focusing on Martin Luther King Jr.'s life and asks students to determine whether the statement is a fact (can be proven) or is an opinion (subject to different people's perspectives).
Nonfiction Main Idea & Vocabulary Comprehension with Frogs
The hands-on, portable adding machine.  Quick and easy to make!  Differentiation Station Creations
Long Ago & Now: A unit to supplement a social studies text that matches second grade social studies standards.
Pretzel shamrocks
Sales Event Today and Tomorrow!!  ~~Save 20%!!!~~ •use promo code TPT3 at checkout  Get your students ready for Spring NWEA Map with this fun, easy, interactive test prep kit bundle!!
FREE Spring Math
These four free Close Reading Posters by The Teacher Next Door can be displayed in your classroom to help you teach this important Common Core strategy. All of these posters as well as an entire packet of close reading resources can be found in my Close Reading Using Informational Text Unit: http://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Product/Close-Reading-Using-Informational-Text-Common-Core-4th-and-5th-1022517
Make ANCHOR CHARTS for Morning Work!  Celebrate BIRTHDAYS and SIX HOLIDAYS!  Say "THANKS" to a visitor, "WELCOME" to a new student, or "GOOD-BYE" to a departing one!  Use these 10 fun rhymes as GROUP GAMES or to add some action to school-year Holidays.  CRAFT TEMPLATES are provided to make fun 'props' for the Six Holiday Rhymes.  Don't miss these RHYMES that will take you through your whole year!  (14 pages)  From Joyful Noises Express TpT!  $
This is a set of posters I made by request for a bulletin board. Toni wanted something to highlight a special “Pirate” student each week.  Included in the set:  Wanted Poster (for a pirate “student” photo) Pirate Profile (information all about the Pirate) My Crew (sharing family information) I am Most Famous For..(What does the pirate like best about themselves, etc.) Thanks for looking!! Kyp
png images with 300 DPI
When learning Homophones, try this fun, interactive sound matching game. Students must work together to find out what they are, and then find their match!
Kindergarten SPRING Math & Literacy unit. 93 pages in total. A page from the unit: Subtraction
Addition Task Cards {6 Sets} - a total of 240 cards! This pack covers six (6) different addition skills with 40 task cards each. $
FIRST GRADE SIGHT WORD MEGA PACK {DOLCH} by Proud to be Primary - TeachersPayTeachers.com
Hope you DIG your summer!
M & M Painting
Nonsense Words Go Fish Card Game Short Vowels CVC (Set 2)
Reversals b/d Strategy; It Works!!
1st Grade Adding & Subtracting unit kit ~ formal assessment & answer key ~ 2 differentiated skill building games!  ~ unit plan
Back to School (Camping Theme) Trekking Into a New Learning Adventure. All you need to start your new year! $
Boy Mama Teacher Mama  Books Series About Transportation
Where's the Bacon? Charlie the Ranch Dog Unit: Reading and Art!
These game cards include 60 different scenarios as part of the Back to School Procedures Game and Posters Set by The Teacher Next Door. The cards ask kids what they would do in common situations (Your pencil is broken..., You need to ask a question but the teacher is working with someone else...). Classroom procedures are crucial to make your classroom run more smoothly and to decrease misbehavior. This game provides great reinforcement of your procedures! $
*FREEBIE!* This freebie has Common Core Math Cheat Sheets for grades K-5!! All Math standards are on 1 page! #commoncore #commoncoremath
This 36 page set of worksheets, task cards, games, a writing activity, math activities and more will keep your kids busy learning the first week. These activities are great not only for student learning, but to provide you as a teacher, a simple way to get to know the kids, while allowing them to get to know one another, and helping them make the transition to a new classroom. Love this for Back to School! $
Updated! This product includes five cut and paste activity pages designed to meet the second grade common core standard for compound words. Students will use their prior knowledge of the words that make up less common compound words to determine their meanings. Great for literacy centers! CCS.2.L.4d $ #compoundwords #commoncore
Debbie Diller math stations. Purchased at IKEA. Each box has leveled activities. Love having 2 kids/station instead of 4!
Get kids excited about Science. "I Am A Scientist."
NwEa Map Prep Review Kit Bundle K-1  This is over 60 pages of review designed for a first grade classroom.  After searching and searching for products to use in my classroom each year, I took everything that I have learned over the years about Standardized testing and I designed my own products to help my students review and prepare for this yearly test!! Helps with question formatting, vocabulary, & key content review.   Buying this bundle saves you 40% over buying individually!!!
Let's work smarter, not harder!!   This is an already created, ready to use Classroom Procedure PowerPoint and it is editable to fit your specific classroom needs!! *  24 different slides include;   morning procedures   lining up   carpet seating   assembly   pencil procedures   learning positon   desk work   dry erase   sticky 5   shoulder partner   fact partner   restroom   drinking fountain   kleenex   snack time   lunch time   specials   And more!
Bookmark Corner Characters - 1st week activity to get them psyched about reading
Back to School Common Core Language freebie.  L.1.1a Prints all upper- and lowercase letters.  First grade and Kindergarten Common Core printing practice.
"Now & Ben" to teach compare and contrast!
Fluency Check Center FREEBIE by Teach123 at Fern Smith's Freebie Friday! $0 #Free
10 Ways to Practice Writing Your Name - Kids Activities Blog
Secret Word Write the Room for Thanksgiving from TeacherTam on TeachersNotebook.com -  (23 pages)  - Your students are going to enjoy solving these!  Keep students engaged as they write sight words, finding the “secret words” to complete gingerbread-themed sentences.  $3
Mega Bundle - Ten, Year Long Literacy Stations  Purchase this bundle and you will have 10 literacy stations that will last all year long.  These in...
$ Blackline and Color Versions Included for making copies or laminated centers with wipe-off markers. Practice Common Core Literacy Skills with these fun Halloween Characters!   *Cut and Sort Nouns, Verbs and Adjectives  *Color and Write a spooky story  *Find the Complete Sentences  *Be a Sound-Letter Detective  Common Core Aligned for Literacy Skills from K-2
Mouse and Cheese is a fun memory game for early elementary students! This word work game is designed to help your students review vowel team spelling patterns. The object of the game is to collect the most cards buy reading the word correctly. Try not to pick up a “Lose a Turn” kitty card. Find lots of cheese and you get another turn!!! Perfect for Center Work. Includes words from Vowel Teams: ea/ee ai/ay oy/oi au/aw ow/oa
MEGA PACK! Worth every penny! 38 Pg Powerpoint, pennant banner, math and literacy activities on the subject matter. Over 75 pages of pure academic cuteness!
The object of the Boo! game is to collect the most cards by reading the card correctly. If the card is read incorrectly, it goes to the bottom of the center pile and may be drawn again. Be careful- don’t get a Boo! Card or a Spider card! Students count their cards after all of the cards have been drawn and read. (126 cards/ 23 pages total)
-“My Gingerbread Man” Emergent Reader Booklet - Gingerbread HFW Game : Begin with the deck of word cards face-down. Players take turns flipping a ...
Read about how I randomly match kids to create partners/small groups. Fun tips!
Ghostly Fact families October Math Stations Sample
This 41 page Unit has everything you need to teach idioms, metaphors, similes, hyperboles, alliteration, onomatopoeia and personification.Fun for your students and helps them understand so many phrases we use in the English language. I love teaching these concepts to my kids! $
Calling all 4th Grade Teachers...State Capitol Lapbook
Sight Word Practice Bundle (Sets 1, 2, & 3) (77 sight words) - 78 pages - Kindergarten sight words $
Free Big Foot Themed Multiplication Games from The Curriculum Corner PLUS Basic Facts Strategies with Multiplication Timed Tests
Christmas - FREE Santa Race and Trace Worksheet Game
Classroom Freebies Too: Thanksgiving Book list and CVC FREEBIE!
Emotions Mega Pack! 6 Activities in one, over 170 pages to work on understanding emotions.
#FreebieFriday ~ #FREE The Ultimate Long Vowel Activity SAMPLER #TPT
This bundle comprises my 5 Short Vowel clip art sets, for the price of 4; that's a total of 36 images (108 in the 3 formats I provide)! Each image is PNG and 300dpi in Black & White, colored with colored outlines and colored with black outlines
Check It Off! | 21 Cool Anchor Charts To Teach Close-Reading Skills
FREE Letter P Beginning Sounds. Use small alphabet erasers to cover each picture to show their beginning sounds.
The kids high five and say one of the new words as they go out. Simple, easy, and effective.
Conversation Activities, Responding to Others Responding to others is an important social communication skill. These activities will help you to teach your students how to respond to others in many different situations, in a fun and interactive way. There are 3 activities, each with 2 levels for 6 ways to learn!
Short vowel word cards with matching picture cards.  Use for a matching center, go fish, memory game, or word sorting.    If you enjoy this produce check out my store at First Grade First and follow me by clicking the green star!  Made by Emma Rosenfeld First Grade First
Spring Polka Dots Number Cards 1 though 100 FREE from The Curriculum Corner
Free Ice Cream Clipart from Nastaran on TeachersNotebook.com -  (4 pages)  - Free Ice Cream Clipart contains 4 color and black & white images in png format.
A fun and engaging way for students to practice counting tally marks and comparing numbers; $
Have a Groovy Summer End of the Year Games, Awards, Bookmarks & more from The Curriculum Corner FREE
This culminating package contains fun activities that the students will enjoy working on. A great way to evaluate the students once they have completed reading the novel, The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe, by  C. S. Lewis. The 5 pages contain questions on the settings, characters, plot and one of the themes.
Each year we start our word study in kindergarten with the color words. We begin by reading the little books together. This product includes a color and a black/white copy for each of the 10 colors (red, blue, green, yellow, orange, purple, black, brown, gray and pink) included in this packet.
Math fun with M&M's® FREE math activities from The Curriculum Corner | pattern cards | counting cards | concrete graph
Sight-Word-Stages Emergent Reader: I Like School (RR/DRA Level 1) #SWS
FREEBIE-Word Building Activity
August Early Finisher's Pack~A LIFESAVER for back to school!
These superhero-themed posters are perfect for setting up classroom expectations at the beginning of the year and for being a visual reminder throughout the rest of the year. Contains: 10 Posters (1 boy and 1 girl version of each word)
These superhero-themed posters are perfect for setting up classroom expectations at the beginning of the year and for being a visual reminder throughout the rest of the year.  Contains:  10 Posters (1 boy and 1 girl version of each word)
FREE! 6 Autumn Themed Math and Sight Word Games
Sign Language: Sign Language Number Match: American Sign LanguageAmerican Sign Language Number Match (0-9)- This pack ASL Number Card pack can be used for recognizing and learning ASL numbers. Use it for individual students, as a math center or make 2 copies and have your students play Memory.
What Do Students Need to Know and Be Able to Do at Each Level? These great Guided Reading Checklists will help you determine and keep track of what your students have mastered at each guided reading level.
Readers familiar with Text Structure are more likely to make sense of what they are reading. This Powerpoint was designed to help readers understand the importance of text structure and how it differs in non-fiction and fiction texts.  (15 Pages)
Knowing which Sewing Machine Foot to use can dramatically improve your sewing and make projects much easier. My Easy Guide to Sewing Machine Feet tells all.
Job Chart with Editable Cards -There are 26 classroom job cards in this pack, plus cards that are editable! You can create any job you desire!
The Questions I Get Asked Most About The Microbiome: A Gastroenterologist Explains @drchutkan http://mbg.to/LYxAWxC
Sight Word Practice Pages - Pre Primer, Primer and First Grade Dolch Words.  Great literacy center, morning work or take home activity!
Fry's First 100 Sight Word Puzzles - Literacy Centre
creativewaystime
FREEBIE!!  5 no prep printables -- sample pages from some of my grade 2 superhero themed math products...Enjoy!
writing paper
5 TED Talks That Will Mold You Into A Competent Leader http://moreti.me/1Kg4xlD  #lifehack
60 No Prep writing prompts for First Grade. Just print and go. Each template lists the Common Core Standard on the bottom of the sheet. Inside you will find: (20) Opinion Templates (20) Informative/Explanatory Templates (20) Narrative Templates http://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Store/Teacher-Features
Have you ever seen library books or take-home books come back to school looking like they had been in a food fight? Or maybe the pages are scribbled on or torn? Start the school year off in the right direction by teaching how to take care of books.
Free-With this Sampler you will receive three (3) pages from my Writing Prompts With Original Nature Photography Vol. 2  The Full version Writing Prompts With Original Nature Photography Vol. 2 contain 20 original writing prompts with original nature photography. These writing prompts with original photos provide writing prompts for a wide range of topics including wild life, fishing, storms, horses, forest, old house, dirt road, fishing, fall, farming and more.
A fun verb word sort with a Pumpkin theme. Perfect as a literacy center, review or enrichment!
Apples, Apples, Apples! Common Core Foundational Skill Activities (1st Grade)This set includes 55 pages: - (Pgs. 4-6) 1, 2, 3 Syllable Sort - (Pgs. 7-10) Recognize Number Words/Numeral Matching - (Pgs. 11-15) Long A & Long I Word Sorts
The beginning of every school year can be overwhelming and exciting at the same time. Here are some things you can do to get ready for back to school.
Low Carb Reuben Style Cauliflower Casserole with Pastrami Meatballs
No Churn Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup Ice Cream - This simple and amazing ice cream doesn't need an ice cream maker, for a rich chocolatey ice cream full of peanut butter cups and peanut butter swirls!
FREE: A Halloween Word Search from TiePlay Educational Resources LLC on TeachersNotebook.com -  -  FREE: A Halloween Word Search allows students to find key words specific to the holiday. This word search is targeted for upper elementary and middle school students. Happy Halloween!
Free Houndstooth infinity scarf pattern by ELK Studio
trees
Coconut White Russian | The Weary Chef
FREE!  Glyphs are a fun means of collecting data. Included in this product are the components and the legend. Your students will have fun, will practice following directions, and can demonstrate their learning by interpreting the glyph to others.  #math #autumn #scarecrows #BarbEvans #itsabouttimeteachers
This product has helped a lot of teachers including me! This is a packet of 24 cut, paste, or color worksheets that can be used in literacy centers, as homework, bell work or for fast finishers. They could also be used to paste into an interactive phonics notebook or word book so that the kids could go back and re-visit the pages.Each page has graphics that help support the word card sounds.
There is nothing better than learning about weather while using real-life photos. Great as a power point or printed individually, your students will learn about 19 different weather phenomena in this packet.
Provide your students with autumn-themed capitalization and punctuation practice with these differentiated editing and writing practice sheets. Each page has a mini-story with missing capitals (beginning of a sentence, proper nouns, “I”) and punctuation (period, question mark, exclamation point). Grades K-2
The motif of this necklace is easy enough—just simple shiny beads—but done up in a lush multi-strand look like this, the vibe is stunningly dramatic and extravagant.
FREE - chants and cheers to learn and practice sight words. From Cara Carroll at First Grade Parade
FREE Thanksgiving Flip Book (colored black and white). Includes a journal / writing sheet. Great for kindergarten and first grade children. Fantastic paper saving idea - a little booklet made from just one piece of paper!
Subject and Predicate Task Cards
What Do Students Need to Know and Be Able to Do at Each Level? These great Guided Reading Checklists will help you determine and keep track of what your students have mastered at each guided reading level.
Slow Cooker Sloppy Joes ~ http://www.southernplate.com
Sharing more about how I use my Erin Condren Life Planner, especially the best accessories for my life planner! Plus - a look into the new 2015-16 version! | The Love Nerds #EClifeplanner
Avon Livng 3 Serving Bowls And Stand
Measurement. Would be a good entry to add to math notebook too.
Three mason jars of fruit infused water and the words "How To Make Fruit and Herb Infused Water"
Fun, hands-on number concept and beginning addition game for kids.
(20+) Welcome! | LinkedIn
Strawberry Baked Oatmeal with Chocolate from www.inspiredtaste.net #recipe
LIFE SKILLS
Use pipe cleaners to teach shoe tying instead of floppy shoelaces
Popsicle Stick Snowflake Ornaments By NotSoIdleHands.com
Getting healthy for the New Year doesn’t have to mean skipping dessert. Try these sugar-free, low carb Pecan Toffee Bars. You won’t regret it, I promise. There are two ways of looking a…
Slow Cooker Pepper Steak
NwEa Map Reading Skills Review Set 4  #spelling #fact & opinion #verb-past, present, current tense #prefixes, suffixes, and root words #passages- setting, moral, sequencing #grammar correction #sentence structure- verb, nouns, adjectives #synonyms #syllable separation #vocabulary
Thick Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Cookies
White Chicken Enchilada Casserole | gimmesomeoven.com #mexican
Peanut Butter and Jelly Baby Lattice Pies - Picky Palate
Slow Cooker Spinach Artichoke Dip -- the delicious dip we all love, made extra quick and easy in the crock pot | gimmesomeoven.com
Cookie Monster Cake Photo
Love these no prep place value games for kindergarten through second grade!
I love these parmesan baked potato halves, they make the perfect side dish. This is one of our most popular recipes.
I started this rule by accident one day, and I'm amazed at how well it has worked! Clean house with half as much hassle!
Cool Science Experiments: Growing Crystals | Creekside Learning
Cinnamon Apple Breakfast Porridge (Grain-Free, Dairy-Free)
Peanut butter oatmeal breakfast bars. A filling breakfast rich in protein, fiber, and omega 3's ! They are gluten-free, dairy-free & vegan friendly!
6 FUNNY books about Punctuation ~ perfect for teaching commas, quotation marks, apostrophes and MORE! | This Reading Mama
Taco Rice Bake - loaded with taco meat, beans, Rotel, cheese, and rice. It's a full meal in one dish! We like to top the casserole with our favorite taco toppings - cheese, sour cream, jalapeños and guacamole! This a great change to our usual taco night!!
Quick & Easy Hot Pepper Jelly
Pecan Cobbler
Chocolate Caramel Pecan Bars. These are so addictive! Easy to make and always popular! I've made this particular recipe using milk chocolate and pecan nuts, however, I've also made this using white chocolate and also cashew nuts! So whatever is your favorite, you decide. I love the texture of these bars. They're crunchy from the nuts, crisp from the cookie base and then chewy from the caramel. As for the taste.. well, they really are out of this world. If you're a caramel fan, then you will...
Homeschool High School Transcripts @ Tinas Dynamic Homeschool Plus
MEXICAN BROWN RICE BAKE – GLUTEN FREE  Save Recipe  Print Recipe My Recipes My…
5 Exercises for Stronger, More Flexible Feet | SparkPeople
Tater Tot Taco Pizza is a mouthwatering combo of two of your favorite eats: tacos and pizza! The tater tot crust makes this dinner recipe even more fun. This would be a great recipe to serve at a party, potluck or on game day! You can customize it with your favorite taco toppings.
Bobby Flay's meatball (and tomato sauce) recipe is a perfect combination of ingredients and flavors. It will put your grandmother's recipe to the test!
Sweet Potato with Goat Cheese and Roasted Red Grapes...made this...excellent! Missy
Dip Mix Ornaments! #gift #food #spices #holiday #ornament #DIY #handmade
Valentine's Day #diy projects
BBQ Chicken Salad - This healthy, flavorful salad comes together so quickly, and it's guaranteed to be a hit with your entire family!
Hello San Francisco :: Silk jumpsuit
One Pot No Drain Mac
Mudroom - it's a new addition with old salvaged finds to give it a vintage look
Pumpkin Magic Cake
harry potter crafts and recipes - Rae Gun Ramblings
Honey Dijon Garlic Chicken Breasts - boneless skinless chicken breasts quickly baked in an intensely flavoured honey, garlic and Dijon mustard glaze.
I am convinced that spending time with teenagers can help me better parent my little ones!
Ten Chicken Dinners Under 500 Calories | www.diethood.com | A compilation of my favorite Chicken Recipes with under 500 calories per serving.
Quick, easy, and absolutely delicious fish stew! Fresh fish fillets cooked in a stew with onions, garlic, parsley, tomato, clam juice and white wine. Takes less than 30 minutes to make! On SimplyRecipes.com
Warehouse Of Tiffany Chandelier - Bronze
Super Easy Stromboli
The #1 Recipe out there for Sloppy Joes and we agree, it's the best! ohsweetbasil.com
This Crumb Cake Recipe has a moist cake that is topped with a thick layer of crumb topping. This is the BEST crumb cake recipe!
Why am I an angry mom 5 anger triggers for moms and how to manage them
Clean Eating Avocado Lime Ranch
Flavorful, filling, 30-minute Buddha Bowl with sweet potatoes, chickpeas, kale and onion, and a tahini-maple sauce! A healthy and satisfying vegan meal.
Looking for grain free options for your favorite meals? These Secret Ingredient Grain Free Taco Shells are Paleo and Vegan! You won't believe these. It's pretty rare find baked goods that are both grain and egg free, but these taco shells are perfect!
10 Affordable Housewarming Gifts - great ideas that will fit any budget!
Pecan Pie Coffee Cake is a delicious cake with a layer of pecan pie filling right on top!
Three-Ingredient Lemon Garlic Chicken Skewers from What The Fork Food Blog. These skewers are paleo, Whole30, easy, and are perfect meal-prep. | whattheforkfoodblog.com
Paleo Coleslaw Recipe
Look no further for the Best Chicken Marinade recipe ever! This easy recipe is sure to become your new favorite! Moist chicken and amazing flavor!
Эти NO испечь Nutella Куки легкий рецепт для детей и взрослых!  Пытались ли вы их еще?
Cheater Brookies (Chocolate Chip Cookies + Brownies)
35 Cheap and Healthy Recipes - Eat healthy and save money with these delectable dinner recipes to inspire your meal planning, even if you have a tight grocery budget.
Freezer Fruit Nut Oatmeal Cups frozen 2 title.jpg
Slow Cooker Parmesan Honey Pork Loin Roast
Crock pot minestrone
Maldives!
Crayola Travel Bingo
Must have red doors
Peter Pan
Pumpkins - just drill holes!
Be Content...
Another pinner said- Warning: if you make this cake once, you will be asked to make it again!! Possibly the most loved cake I have ever made!  * checked this out- 7 ingredients!!! Think I can do that.  AND it has oreos
Signature cocktails - I love the creative names.
white chicken chili
These speak to me...can't you hear them?
so here comes the pain.
floral consciousness..werkin' it from Down Under
Pumpkin Crunch Cake
Oh no! Should I really know how to make Eagle Brand milk from SCRATCH?? ....... YES. 3/4 cup powdered milk 3/4 cup sugar 1/2 cup hot water Blend until smooth. This recipe equals one can of store bought condensed milk.
Astra Chandelier - anthropologie.com
from this day forth.....
Roasted Vegetables
Roasted Garlic Scalloped Potatoes - how to make the best scalloped potatoes, and roast your own garlic!
Amen.....
Chicken Breast Topped with Spinach and Goat Cheese
Idea for beach house, but this could be a beautiful bedroom anywhere.
Super juicy chicken thighs grilled and topped with tomato guacamole for easy weeknight dinner | littlebroken.com @littlebroken.com
Strawberry Semifreddo
Neutrals and chest console
Amish One Pan Ground Beef and Cabbage Skillet
henna elephant - Google Search
The Pioneer Woman Flea Market Scalloped Edge Serving Bowl Set, 3-Piece - Walmart.com
Hatch Chile Corn Chowder is rich and creamy, spicy and comforting all at the same time. Restlesschipotle.com
Raspberry Brown Butter Cake with Goat Cheese Buttercream & A Raspberry Port Reduction + A Trip To Napa
Asian Zucchini Noodle Salad Recipe - made with healthy zucchini noodles instead of pasta and ton of fresh veggies. Tossed in sweet and savory dressing | littlebroken.com @littlebroken
Slow Cooker Buffalo Chicken Cheese Dip and the Greatest Crock Pot Recipes Ever!
Cheesy Mashed Cauliflower Gratin by An Edible Mosaic.
Skillet Turkey with Bacon and White Wine - a simple holiday recipe featuring everyone's favorites: shallots, butter, white wine, and bacon. | pinchofyum.com
Kat Von D - Lock-It Foundation  in Light 44 #sephora
Craftaholics Anonymous® | Immunity Boosting Elderberry Gummies
Toilet Freshener Tabs
Easy Pull Apart Pizza Bread
Easy Carrot Cupcakes with Cream Cheese Frosting
Keychain Chapstick Holder
Chocolate Coconut Almond Bars | halfbakedharvest.com @hbharvest
Easy, one-bowl Triple Chocolate Banana Bread. Loaded with chocolate chips and topped with a dark chocolate ganache. | livforcake.com
Sopapilla Cheesecake Ice Cream - no machine needed! Full of cinnamon sugar and cheesecake flavor.
Avengers Party Ideas #AvengersUnite #ad
25+Gorgeous+Fall+Bouquets+for+Autumn+Weddings+|+Bridal+Musings+Wedding+Blog+9
Lentil and Butternut Squash Chili - high in fiber and low in fat this vegetarian chili is packed with super healthy lentils, beans, butternut squash and ton of flavor! Chunky, hearty and perfectly seasoned belly-warming chili | littlebroken.com @littlebroken -Brought to you by No Yolks
Before + After: An Outdated Townhouse Becomes a Young Designer's Dream Home - Home Tour - Lonny
how we learn process art bunny easter craft with shaving cream
Black lifts the greens in a back garden. A hot tip is to use Alcro Black Deco when painting your garden fence.
Soft Pastels / Fashion by Kyrzayda
Lemon Truffles will make a perfect gift this holiday season and once you realize how fast and easy they come together, you'll be wondering why you haven't done this sooner :)
Baked Burrito Casserole Recipe
Look no further for the Best Chicken Marinade recipe ever! This easy recipe is sure to become your new favorite! Moist chicken and amazing flavor!
Cinched Ear Warmer Headband Crochet Pattern (Free Pattern!) | By Little Monkeys Crochet
Hearty Colcannon Potato Soup! Like Irish colcannon, but in soup form. With russet potatoes, leeks, cabbage, kale, stock, and cream. This soup will keep you warm on a cold winter day. And it's so easy to make! #glutenfree On SimplyRecipes.com
Simple Homemade Chicken Ramen | Fork Knife Swoon
Pumpkin Nutella Muffins
White Chicken Chili with fresh pico de gallo and rice. SUPER YUM! Perfect hearty…
Cinnamon Streusel Coffee Cake Muffins Recipe - Tastes of Lizzy T. These simple Cinnamon Streusel Coffee Cake Muffins start with a boxed cake mix and pudding gives them their ultimate soft texture. Layers of cinnamon and sugary goodness!
Simply Perfect Vanilla Cupcakes
A layer of stuffing mix and Parmesan provides a crispy topping for this baked casserole—while the chicken below cooks in a creamy sauce.
Golden crisp baguette slices topped with sweet and smoky BBQ shrimp, basil pesto, salty feta, and chopped fresh cilantro. Crispy, fresh, sweet and smoky!
Portabella Mushroom Noodles with Almond Pesto - buttery noodles, nutty pesto, and meaty portabellas in this vegetarian comfort food. All in about 30 minutes! | littlebroken.com @littlebroken
Salted+Nut+Roll+Recipe
Fluffy S'mores Dip! Fluffy marshmallow and chocolate dips are swirled together to make this easy and fun chilled party dip. No heating or melting required! | HomemadeHooplah.com
the gym
Really true...
DIY ombre trash bin.
Friselle with tomatoes
Library Card Book Party Invitation.
Mini gallery frame wall by Home Stories A2Z
Use Tissue Paper to Dye Fabric. Just Spray with water!
How to Make a Vintage Inspired Carnival Sign via LivingWithLindsay.com
how to make white truffle eggplant rounds
JA Tumbler
How fitting.
rug crush! For the Love of Color: My New Kitchen Rug
two hearts being joined together by a cross - keeping Christ the center of our marriage.    So cool!
Pom Pom Pillow Love {DIY}
Conversation Heart Cakes
Why are all corner cupboards not done like this?!?
A exact copycat recipe for Auntie Anne’s soft pretzels in just a little over an hour. Eat them hot with this cheddar garlic dipping sauce.
IKEA Headboard and boy's bedroom reveal
use a doily as a stencil with spray paint
DECORATE YOUR DREAM WEDDING – #nkukuwedding Pinterest competition.
Quick & Easy Bunting ... by Simply Fresh Vintage
Beautiful: Chocolate and Strawberry Cake
Newborn Photo
Amazing Aqua    Handmade Double ROCKER Mosaic by MOSAICSnMORE
Overnight Caramel Pecan Cinnamon Rolls | MomOnTimeout.com - Make the night before, bake in the morning!  The caramel icing is AMAZING!  #breakfast #recipe
Chinoiserie Inspired Bamboo Nightstands
Dog Bed with Gold Leather Handle
Great tip... Can you use chalkboard paint on wine glasses? Yes and it is washable!
Witches' Brooms cookies
I'm nuts about you Valentine's Heart Ornament
Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Bars - CupcakeCandyCastle
Cream Cheese Cake with Red Velvet Fudge Frosting Recipe :D
Pineapple Pecan Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting - CupcakeCandyCastle
Sweet Potato Brownies Recipe!
Mason Jar Easter Basket
Garden Fresh Herbed Cucumber "Flower" Bites
10 Awesome 100-Year-Old Crafts for Kids | Mental Floss
Espresso Brandy Creme Brûlée
DIY // Bunny Ear Macarons
Crispy Fish Fillets #recipe #love
Chocolate Opera Cake Recipe
Tic Tac Toe Lunch Box | The TipToe Fairy #FuelYourImagination #FruitShoot #sp
Peaches and Cream Pie Cookies and {Teacher Appreciation Printable}
Easy DIY Cronuts Recipe | Baking Beauty #cronut #diy #recipes #donuts
Learned this the hard way ;)
Mancare de cartofi de post este buna i in zilele de post dar si in alte zile cand nu ai chef de carne sau vrei sa pregatesti ceva rapid si totusi sa fie satios. Este o mancare ce se gateste usor si poti servi alaturi o salata de legume oricand sau muraturi pe timp de
When your garden is overflowing with zucchini, here are 7 ways to use them up!  Some of my favorite zucchini recipes from all time are in this post.
Great tips for engagement photo shoot ideas on how to look your best! or wedding photos!
"Pink Butterflies" It is a Kalanchoe Hybrid.
concrete vases
DIY Colored Pencil Coaster #backtoschool #teachergift #teacherappreciation
Pork Tenderloin - so good! The pan sauce is what it is all about. We dipped our bread in it!!! (marinated in olive oil, soy sauce, red wine vinegar, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, parsley, dry mustard, pepper and garlic)
Garlic Shrimp with Roasted Italian Vegetables - Tender garlic shrimp served with roasted Italian vegetables. #garlicshrimp #roastedvegetables #shrimprecipes #vegetablerecipes
Hawaiin Dream Cake. Pinapple, Orange, Cocunut-y flavors. Grandma used to make this all the time.
Strawberry Milkshake Poke Cake
Eggnog Spice Blondie Cheesecake - a spiced blondie topped with no bake eggnog cheesecake and whipped cream!
Delicious & Healthy Broccoli Spicy Chicken Recipe -
Easy & Healthy Pesto Recipes That Will Blow Your Mind
Fried Spicy Sesame Chicken Wings Recipe
Strawberry Cheesecake Cupcakes
Yummy No Bake Energy Bars Recipe Ideas -
Cheesy Squash Casserole Recipe
Mini Fruit Pizzas are a great dessert for a bridal shower, baby shower or any kind of party!
Hearts Patterned Swiss-Roll Cake
How to Make a Dandelion Paperweight \\u2013 Dandelion Paperweights
SODA GEMBIRA Indonesian sweet drinks!
Lego Birthday. There are some great ideas here. Love the lego brownies, utensil container and pinata.
REESE'S Brownie Cupcakes Recipe #snacktalk #ad #cbias
31 Days of Less  More--Day 16:  Less Running Around. Join this month long, life-changing challenge to fill your life with less heartache but more joy, less stress but more peace, and less stuff but more contentment.
Take Advantage Of Spring With These Broad Beans Recipes -
White Russian Creme Brûlée
[Spicy Thai Noodles with Pork, Basil and Mint ] + Click For Recipe!  #easy #recipes #asian #vietnamese
Have A Healthy Breakfast With These Omelette Recipes -
Two Ingredient Banana Peanut Butter Ice Cream and more #food #icecream #cook
Onion Ring, Sausage & Egg Stacks - Onion rings for breakfast, or breakfast-for-dinner! Onion rings, sausage, and eggs are stacked and topped with basil pesto. @alexiafoods  #FarmtoFlavor #recipe #sponsored | foxeslovelemons.com
Healthy, Yummy & Refreshing Fig Ice Cream Recipe -
Classic Memphis-Style Southern Coleslaw recipe by Barefeet In The Kitchen
Easy Mustard Fish (Indian Style) - Spicy n Delicious recipe. #glutenfree #brunch #fish #spicy
Spicy Southwestern Steak Stir Fry with Cilantro-Lime Rice
Dhaba Style Masala Chicken Taco - Best Ever. #glutenfree #taco #recipe #masala
Jamaican Jerk Chicken
Creamy Margarita Popsicles Recipe
Sloppy Joe Casserole Recipe
Tortellini Bake Recipe
Pepperoni & Broccoli Pizza Pot Pie
Balsamic Chicken Thighs Recipe
Slow Cooker Honey Garlic Chicken
Herb Roasted Pork Loin Recipe
Orange Rolls
Nutella Stuffed Crepes & 3 Ways to Fold Them | By LetTheBakingBeginBlog.com | @Letthebakingbgn
Ranch BLT Pasta Salad—I have pinned a similar recipe but wanted to pin this one too, just in case!
Biscuits
Panda Express Chow Mein Copycat - Tastes just like Panda Express except it takes just minutes to whip up and tastes a million times better!
Better Than Sex Cake....it's probably a million calories...but I really want to know if it is as good as everyone says it is.
This simple grilled cheese sandwich tastes just like lasagna. So easy, so creative, and sooo much comfort! | www.alattefood.com
BBQ Onion Meatball Bombs - meatloaf type ground meat mixture inside the onion shell then wrapped in 3 strips of BACON and baked with BBQ sauce!
Super Moist Oven Baked BBQ Chicken. This preparation can be used on just about any flavor chicken you can dream up. Just marinade, season, bake, and enjoy.
Zucchini Brownies - the easiest recipe for the most gooey, chocolaty, fudgy brownies full of zucchini! And NO ONE will guess!
Clean Eating Salmon Lox
This 20 Minute Skillet Chicken Cordon Bleu recipe is the perfect quick and easy dinner! Crunchy panko breading, ham, Swiss cheese and wine - no one will know you didn't slave for hours! | MomOnTimeout.com
Wedding hairstyle tips: how to find your perfect bridal hair - Wedding Party
Garlic Butter Shrimp
No Bake Pumpkin Cheesecake Mousse - Snixy Kitchen
Night Questions
easy cookie dough fudge--no stovetop required
Asian Peanut Noodles with Chicken – Lightened Up | Skinnytaste
Handprint Puppets for Halloween: Ghoulish fun for kids
Built-in Desk in the mudroom as seen in the 2015 Birmingham Parade of Homes built by Murphy Home Builders
A recipe for pecan cheesecake squares.
When you Don’t have Time for Cooking Try this Delicious Dish from Only 4 Ingredients | Free Restaurant Recipes
Easy DIY Foaming Handsoap |Overthrow Martha
Parmesan Crusted Chicken...with herb butter sauce. ~ Says: The chicken itself is fantastic, with its savory, cheesy breading, but the true star of this show is the sauce.  With equal parts white wine, chicken broth, and heavy cream, the base of the sauce is full of flavor.  Once the butter and fresh herbs are added in, though, ooooh myyyy.  It is out of this world.
Spinach Salad with Warm Bacon Dressing - delicious and even my anti-spinach husband liked it thanks to the bacon.
Big Ray's Mexican Monkey Bread | "I won't hesitate to make this again and make it for company."
DIY+File+Cabinet+Desk
Pizza Monkey Bread! Ooey, gooey, pizza-filled savory monkey bread. Yum!
Cute and Easy Knitting Loom Twisted Cowl
epsom salt craft projects, crafts, seasonal holiday decor
Chocolate Peanut Butter Fudge Swirl
Knock-off anthro chevron necklace by Simply Designing
How to clean your dishwasher #DIY #Greencleaning
canvas-photo-mod-podge-prints
5 Podcasts for Bloggers, Designers, + Creatives
Embedded image permalink
Tushi Wash// #loveys
Double Chocolate Chip Cookies with Cherries - Lemons for Lulu - Food and Recipe Blog
my favorite greek salad I howsweeteats.com
Vegan Chile Con Queso Dip | www.veggiesdontbite.com | #vegan #plantbased #wholefoods #mexican #superbowl
How To Use Hydrogen Peroxide To Remove Blackheads?
How to Save Money at Disney World
60 Unique Easter Basket Ideas (and none are candy!)
Coffee Almond Butter Granola Bars – Koffee Kult
Turkey, Bacon, and Avocado Panini - High Heels and Grills
Amazing Cabbage Vegetable Pad Thai Recipe that'll satisfy your pad thai cravings | recipe from @whiteonrice
I'm filling up my new spring handbag from #88Handbags on the blog! What's in your handbag? Learn more at www.mrswrightwrites.com
Sweet plantains paired with smoky cumin and paprika in these tasty black bean burgers will have everyone asking for more. This recipe is vegan, gluten free, and easy to make! | www.pancakewarriors.com
Simple and Easy Cake Smash. DIY Smash Cake Photos. Baby's First Birthday.
Chicken and Broccoli Curry
How to Make a Rag Rug, The Homestead Tradition Lives On | DIY Projects by Pioneer Settler at http://pioneersettler.com/make-a-rag-rug-homesteading-tutorial/
Low carb gluten-free Brownie Crisps
Make sure you try The Best Homemade Shower Cleaner - You just need two ingredients for the best shower cleaner. Oh and try my easy tip to keep that shower clean!
New Orleans Building Photo - Historic French Quarter Building Print - New Orleans Photography -
Super easy Lemon Berry Slushes - made in the blender and tastes just like a Sonic drink!
How To Make Roast Garlic Mayo by almondtozest.com
Apple Filled Cupcakes with Brown Sugar Cinnamon Buttercream Frosting - this is an incredible dessert recipe!
Garden Fresh Bruschetta is deliciously simple to make! Perfect as an appetizer & great over chicken. Use the best tomatoes you can find & fresh basil!
Roasted Jalapeno Poppers
Sharing an at-home, inexpensive date night idea of enjoy an afternoon by the pool as well as some of the necessary beach bag items you'll want to bring with you!  ad ‪#‎SummerSunCare‬
30 *Insane* Grilled Cheese Recipes to Keep You Cheesing All Month | Brit + Co
These tasty Bacon Cheese Biscuits are so delicious for breakfast or brunch!
Emma’s Strawberry Thai Basil Sorbet — Ice Cream Sunday | Golubka Kitchen | Bloglovin’
Mushroom Pork Chops
Where else can you get over 65 Products About Digital Marketing and Having an Online Business Succeed for you FOR JUST $27!! CLICK HERE>>>>http://bloggingconcentrated.com/members/aff/go/aysha/?i=34 You cant even get just one course at that low price! So don't bother to see if you need all of them! Even if one course listed can improve your business - EXCELLENT!!  YOU DEFINITELY GET MORE THAN YOUR MONEY's WORTH! GRAB THE OFFER BEFORE IT ENDS!!
Helping your child master daytime potty training is challenging at the best of times, but teaching them to stay dry at night is a different beast altogether. Thankfully, this list of nighttime potty training tips breaks the process down and provides great ideas to make potty training at night as stress free as possible.
For a quick and easy breakfast meal, try these Sausage & Egg Breakfast Bowls! Easy to make and Trim Healthy Mama friendly!
French Hot Chocolate. An easy recipe for dark hot chocolate that tastes just the kind served in Paris cafes!
In-n-Out Fast Food Worker Spills Secrets of Amazing Burgers Made After Hours
Learn how to make homemade bread like a pro with a step by step tutorial!!
21 Healthy Make-Ahead Breakfasts @sweetpeasaffron
Open Omelet with Bacon (Microwave) I just love bacon..... The peas and pimientos give a lot of extra taste and give me a great start of my day
Whether you're trying to add a pop of color to your lips or make them look fuller you'll always leave the house with luscious lips. These tricks…
Yes, you can cook vegetables in beer—and the result is an amazing taste of summer.
Incredibly easy to make. Tastes restaurant quality! Healthy Tuscan Seafood Stew
Easy and delicious lemon roll recipe.  Love the secret ingredient in the filling!  These would be great for Easter or Mother’s Day brunch.
3-Ingredient Brown Sugar Italian Chicken – brown sugar Italian dressing mix and chicken. Ready in under 30 minutes! Everyone loved this dish! I loved that there was no prep work! Such an easy weeknight meal that the whole family enjoyed!
Cauliflower Crusted Grilled Cheese Sandwiches. A delicious low carb alternative!
Chocolate Chip Cheesecake.. really shouldnt pin this or ever make it…
Crockpot Tapioca Pudding
The Garden Grazer: Fresh Tomato Basil Pasta with Lemon
3 seemingly random ingredients come together in minutes to make Mock Fried Ice…
Slow Cooker Taco Seasoned Pretzels from cravingsofalunati...- Seriously these…
Dairy Free Fruit Dip – Fluffy sweet and slightly tangy fruit dip that’s dairy free gluten free and vegan.  Made with coconut milk.
Tofu Vegan Sour Cream- this Recipe is super easy to make and the perfect dairy…
Strawberry Colada Smoothie - these are so refreshing on a hot summer day! Love…
Cold pasta salads are the perfect
Slow Cooker Honey Sesame Chicken
Pita Tostadas with Butternut Squash Black Beans
HEALTHY Spanish Quinoa Stuffed Peppers! 10 ingredients packed with protein and…
30 minute pasta made with simple clean ingredients. Inspired by Margherita Pizza
Try this fruity Strawberry Peach Salad for a fresh fast and healthy meal any…
Crispy salami chips (one-ingredient!) with white bean dip. Super bowl appetizer…
Sugar-free Black Bean Brownies a delicious and easy brownie recipe from the…
Asparagus Soup
Pumpkin Spice Caramel Corn
Grilled Miso Pork Burgers Lucky for us grilling time is all year round in Hawaii…
My mouth is literally watering/ Roasted Balsamic Asparagus with Goat Cheese and…
Weekly Spread Ideas for Bullet Journals - christina77star.co.uk
Easy Slow Cooker Soup Recipes to Warm You Up This Winter - See the collection on…
Spiralized Sweet Potato Enchilada Casserole - Yum! If you don't have a spiralizer like me you can use the large holes on a grater.
Homemade Olive Garden Toasted Ravioli  LOVE this copycat appetizer recipe. I can't wait to serve it with chunky marinara sauce.
Mini Oreo Cheesecakes - 7 ingredient mini oreo cheesecake recipe made in a…
Easy Cinnamon Rolls with Caramel Icing - Fabulous cinnamon and walnut swirled sweet rolls with a to-die-for silk caramel drizzle. Start to finish in less than 2 hours!
Pina Colada Cheesecake. Out-of-this-world tropical cheesecake! Smooth creamy cheesecake that tastes like piña colada.
This recipe for No Bake Banoffee Pie from Erren's Kitchen makes a dazzling…
Whoa mama! I NEED THESE!!!
Smothered Baked Chicken Burritos AKA
The 58 Most Delish Ground Beef Recipes
Butternut Stuffed Turkey Tenderloin with Cranberries and Pecans
Szechuan Scallops
Stouffers Macaroni
Chocolate Covered Pecan Pie Bites
Simple Chicken Cordon Bleu Pasta
Fresh strawberries basil and balsamic flavoring this delicious meal. Super…
Zucchini Fudge Bundt Cake with Chocolate Glaze {OR} Chocolate Zucchini Bread…
Raspberry-lemon meringue mini pies are the perfect portion size for when you…
Sloppy Joe Mac n Cheese
Aunt Reen's BLT Cups - 6 creative mini eats for New Year's Eve - Bites
Italian Macaroni and Cheese Recipe
Think outside the (lunch)box -creative lunch ideas
Cut Your Grocery Bill In Half
Shrimp and Broccoli Stir Fry
6 Brussels Sprouts Recipes That Will Change Your Life via
Rotisserie Blackened Chicken Parmesan Pasta In Under 30 Minutes!
Chicken Pesto Pasta Easy Crockpot
Best deviled eggs
Baked Buffalo Chicken Egg Rolls Recipe! Here's the easy step by step guide showing you how to make healthy buffalo chicken rolls with egg roll wrappers blue cheese hot sauce and broccoli slaw! Perfect as an appetizer but they also work as a main meal too! 103 calories per roll
Ricotta Pancakes
Out of this World Quinoa Coconut Banana Muffins
Caramel Apple Oatmeal Carmelita Bars- layers of chewy oatmeal cookie surround cinnamon-spiced apples and caramel sauce. A delicious fall treat!
These 3 Ingredient Peanut Butter Cups are so easy and make for the perfect treat.
Asiago Chicken with Bacon Cream Sauce
Seriously simple dinner! Crispy skillet chicken in the most flavorful creamy southwestern-inspired sauce!
Firecracker Chicken Meatballs
Completely from scratch and so delicious!
Crock Pot Honey-Garlic Chicken. Easy crock pot recipe for chicken thighs cooked in an incredibly delicious honey-garlic sauce.
Skillet Chicken with Creamy Cilantro Lime Sauce
Easy Slow Cooker Carnitas - Tender pork cooks to melt in your mouth perfection in your crockpot!
Crisp apples stuffed with a brown sugar pecan mixture and baked until tender. One of my favorite healthy treats!
Healthy vegan 'Pumpkin Pie Oatmeal'. Warming comforting and lusciously creamy this bowl of pumpkin goodness will get you feeling good and keep you full until lunch.
Mini Pumpkin Pies in a Muffin Tin
Ice Cream Cone Cakes
Taco Bake
Clean Eating Pecan Pie (gluten dairy
Upside Down Cheesecake Apple Pie!  This really is the most amazing dessert ever! Cheesecake and apples make the most amazing pie filling wrapped in a flaky crust!
Old Fashioned Buttermilk Pie Recipe
Homemade key lime slab pie! You are going to love how easy this slab pie is to make!
Caramel Apple Crumble Pie - Apple pie meets apple crumble with loads of caramel! The easiest apple pie you'll ever make. Goofproof 5-minute recipe for those of us who aren't pie makers!
Sugar Cream Pie
15 Clean Eating Chicken Recipes
Flavorful turkey meatballs that are easy healthy and filling! This recipe is Whole30 compliant and makes a great snack or meal.
Strawberry Cinnamon Rolls with Lemon Cream Cheese Glaze - Delicious quick and easy cinnamon rolls bursting with strawberry pie filling! These are amazing!
Your teens are at the age they are so close to heading into the real world and they are going to know how to handle their own money. Schools these days don’t really teach your teens the things they need to know about that subject so here is how to teach your teen about money. …
Nutella Pop Tarts - filling pie crust with Nutella and adding sprinkles makes these look just like store bought treats. Awesome breakfast recipe!
Cinnamon Roll Cheesecake - thick and creamy cheesecake with delicious cinnamon roll filling throughout! So good!
Cranberry
Temari Sushi - OMG it looks like little sushi cupcakes?!
Chocolate Brownie Bites
Salted Almond Fudge Truffles
Perfect Stovetop Popcorn
No Bake Peanut Butter Kiss Cookies. A fun twist on a peanut butter rice krispie treat recipe! And it can be made in 15 minutes or less!
peanut butter cookie lasagna
10 Ways You Can Make Your Hot Chocolate Even Better
The Best Detox Crockpot Lentil Soup
Low-Carb Peanut Butter Cookies - only 4 ingredients:PB eggs vanilla and splenda (or such)
Bacon French Toast Roll Ups - crispy bacon rolled up in bread dipped in egg mixture and pan fried golden brown. These need to be made with fresh plain sandwich bread not fancy artisan bread.
Inspired  Ike's Vietnamese Pok Pok Chicken Wings these boneless chicken wings are caramelized in a simple sauce that will have you licking your fingers!
Very Vanilla French Toast - there's 1/4 cup vanilla in this French Toast and it makes it taste divine!
25 Kids Healthy Lunch Ideas - Finding healthy and delicious foods that the kids will actually eat can be a difficult task. These kid approved meals will please most any picky eater (and parent too).
Make slow cooked beef cheeks. Then transform leftovers into a luscious ragu past and a pie.
Parmesan Garlic
Very easy to make yet so tender and tasty these Chicken Burgers with Avocado Salsa are going to be loved by everyone!
Quick Lime Cilantro Chicken. Loved This. Only Used One Large Lime and Cooked With Cilantro and Added More At The End.
6 Ingredient Paleo and Vegan Raw Chocolate Pistachoo Tarts - This vegan tart is made with only 6 ingredients! It's a healthy gluten free and paleo dessert that is easy to make! Perfect for Christmas! |  |
Basic Flaky Piecrust recipe | Real Simple RecipesBasic flaky crust
Make Your Own Chinese Takeout In Less Than 30 Minutes - 25 Delicious Recipes To Try!
25  Zoodles Recipes
Chewy No Bake Granola Bars- A bar which is chock full of nuts dried fruit oats and very low in sugar- Vegan gluten free and better than store bought!
Healthy Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Blizzard
Gluten Free Orange Pie with Almond Crust - This easy healthy orange pie uses a secret ingredient to make it PACKED with protein and low in calories! It's perfect for breakfast snack or dessert! |  |
Raspberry Limeade - Low Carb and Gluten Free
Gluten Free Chicken Alfredo Flatbread with Bacon
27 Rockstar Peanut Butter Recipes
These roasted baby potatoes make a great side and they're so easy to make! from http://dishesanddustbunnies.com
Spinach   Tomato Quesadilla with Pesto
Chocolate Mint Brownie Milkshake  Milkshake recipes your kids will scream for!
Weight Watchers Fettuccine Alfredo Recipe
Quadruple Chocolate Soft Fudgy Pudding Cookies - Super soft and loaded with chocolate!
Cranberry Custard Pie from The Food Charlatan // Creamy sweet custard meets bright tart cranberry all wrapped up in a buttery flaky pie crust! This gorgeous make-ahead pie is perfect for the holidays!
Super fudgy Dark Chocolate Avocado cookies! These sound weird but they're amazing and healthier!
Strawberry Jello Cake recipe is the yummiest combo of all-time favorite spring and summer desserts: strawberry shortcake strawberry jello and no-bake cheesecake.
No Bake Pink Lemonade Mini Cakes | This and more delicious tea party recipes!
Melt-In-Your-Mouth Eggnog Cookies - One of my favorite holiday cookies!! These moist cookies are awesome for a cookie exchange or the Christmas cookie swap!
Roasted Asian Glazed Chicken Thighs
These granola bars are so much better than what you can by at the store especially since you can substitute for your favorite dried fruit or nuts. FromThese granola bars are so much better than what you can by at the store especially since you can substitute for your favorite dried fruit or nuts. Frominspiredtaste.net|These granola bars are so much better than what you can by at the store especially since you can substitute for your favorite dried fruit or nuts. FromThese granola bars are so...
Deep Dish Chocolate Chip Cookie Pie
Pumpkin Pie Egg Rolls - A fried fun twist on a classic and served with white chocolate cool whip and ooey-gooey caramel!
PhillyCheesesteakStuffedBellPeppers perfect low carb alternative!
Oreo Magic Bars - Seven simple layers of Oreo chocolate bliss starting with an Oreo crust three different types of chocolate chips coconut and nuts. This is the EASIEST dessert and always a party favorite.
Shrimp Etouffee Recipe it's our favorite recipe.
This super easy vegetarian pasta is a quick meal for a busy night! The broccoli and spinach keep it healthy and the garlic and lemon make it extra tasty.
Don't miss these Christmas Gifts Ideas for LEGO fans!  Great options for any budget!
Christmas Magic starts way before Christmas Morning! Find out how we make each package magical with this easy and fun gift wrapping tutorial! Santa's workshop gift wrapping make the magic of Christmas even more real! Plus, get free Christmas stamps too!
Chocolate Dipped Cupcakes
i love stripes!
Typographic designs of bible verses - also one of my favorite verses
Baby tutu tutorial--use headband and tie to holes
true!
Homemade Wheat Bread
80's and 90's
You're A 90's Kid if...
adorable
What a great and inexpensive way to make a theater "stand" for the kids! 
striped cake
cute wreath ... but I love the chalk border
im making these for Braddoc and Landon for school and church! so fun
Candy gift
10 fun superhero training party activities
29 Creepy, Spooky, Scary, Gross and Disgusting Halloween Recipes. #Gross
Glowing homemade bath paint!  SO fun!
LOTS of Cleaning Secrets! Amazing!
Altoids Tin Checkers game- magnetic!
DIY Edible Arrangement
mini peach cobbler recipe
Tutorial: Sunny Little Miss Dress
Having a teenager with the debating skills of a courtroom lawyer may be a blessing in disguise by Ann Douglas @torontostar
mini pumpkins & ribbon
a candid list of things to do in the last weeks of pregnancy
10 Books That Explain Death and Grief to Children
When Do I Stop Bathing With My Children?    Parents are often concerned about being nude around their children. As well, when it is an appropriate age to stop bathing with their children? Find out on http://VivaXO.com
Southwestern BLT ~ DIY Gourmet Sandwich For The Busy Mom
nail polish on Barbie, modest and not laying around naked. I use permanent marker. Nail polish better.
Home Run Novel
colors
this is the best fruit salad I've ever had!!! The person that can up with this recipe is a genius when she thought of the honey-lime dressing!!!!!!!!!!!! yum!!!
Fashion and Trends: New Trends For 2013
800 words about James and Sirius written for charity. Free on Goodreads. You're welcome.
How Too Much Information May Cause Problems for Breastfeeding New Mothers
Ahhhhh
This weaning chart will help you keep track of the foods you introduce to your child!
elf on the shelf
Great idea for a quilt using a charm pack!
Use Rustoleum's NeverWet | invisible until it rains | This is AWESOME!!
Creamy Jalapeno Ranch Dip
Color Palettes
Pin a leaf for everything your thankful for to this wreath!
Seven Fun Halloween Pizzas ~ Be Different...Act Normal
Locker cabinet, giant windows, brick
Chicken Noodle Casserole {The Perfect Comfort Food}
Love my boy
Read/Unread bookshelf #diy #project
Worried about feeling a bit lazier the second time around?
74 Of The Tiniest, Most Tasteful Tattoos Ever
Try a little harder to be a little better -President Hinckley
Chalkboard wall
This happens to almost every mom-to-be. From pregnancy.about.com
Super Cute Girls Room Ideas | www.classyclutter.net
32 tips for surviving infertility
Hot Artichoke Dip from Our Southern Home  #appetizers #recipes #holidayappetizers #hotartichokedip #oursouthernhome
Postnatal fitness: No More Mummy Tummy 14 Day Challenge next round September 15th Limited entries This is the no crunch your way to a flatter stomach!   #abchallenge #postnatalworkout
How to Clean Pillows. Good to know!
You can order a box of books from this site for $12.99. They will range from toddler to young adult books. Each box contains approximately 150 books (give or take). You can also order more age/grade specific books, but it costs a bit more. There is now an advisory on their site that due to high demand, boxes may not ship for up to 5 weeks, but for $12.99, that's a small price to pay :)
Most people look at the last days of pregnancy as something to suffer through - here's a way to celebrate these last days of pregnancy! Which ideas will you chose?
"Frozen" Inspired Snowman Sign Tutorial and Printable Template
Fit Girl's Diary Tips For Better Cardio Workout Results » Fit Girl's Diary
Create a cozy bedroom your guests will want to call home + enter for a chance to win a $500 Wayfair.com gift card! #ad #Wayfair
Side table makeover using BB Frosch chalk paint powder and a product review. Have you thought about painting a piece with chalk paint but are worried about how it will work, and leery about the price? So was I... BB Frosch is a GREAT product to use.
Creamy Taco Macaroni Skillet
how-to-see-who-visits-your-blog
My Carrier by @stokkebaby offers full support for you and your baby, in whichever position you prefer! Fully adjustable, with maximum weight capacity through 33 lbs. Cool Cream (shown above) in stock!   http://www.pishposhbaby.com/stokke-my-carrier.html
Great book on how to beat bed rest, especially if placed on hospital bed rest during your pregnancy. I highly recommend this book review!
Canning Homemade Spaghetti Sauce - Sisters Shopping on a Shoestring
The Farmhouse - Farmhouse - Living Room - Other Metro - Magnolia Homes
6 Tips How to Survive a Summer Pregnancy
Peppermint Meringues | Skinnytaste
Double tap if you've been there! #funny #parentingproblems http://pishposhbaby.com
Links With Love: Free Frozen Printable Crafts and Activities | Felt With Love Designs
Dreaming-of-Autumn-in-the-park.jpg 590×886 pixels
This adorable cake is ready for giving or for any holiday celebration. Wouldn’t this gift box cake make a great hostess gift with its glimmering multi-loop bow?
What better way to get your veggies in than by eating a stuffed pepper! Just a few simple ingredients transform them into a dish your entire family will beg you to make!
Making a Baby is the Hardest Thing I Have Ever Done: Our struggle with infertility and why you should never give up hope
Consequences of Bullying: Why This is More than Child's Play
Letters In The Sand | Creative ways to make learning fun!
Give this rich and creamy No-Bake Chocolate Caramel Pie a try. You are sure to love it!
15 guaranteed ways to screw up your children (with examples) #children #parenting #motherhood
Details on LDS Activity Days Service Project for youth where kids pick up litter and trash in your neighborhood community. Such a great way to serve.
Does the thought of going anywhere with baby give you the chills? Banish those thoughts with a BundleMe ThermaPlush by @jjcole! Plush inner faux shearling and luxuriously soft outer thermaplush™, it's all cozy, all the time. Available in infant and toddler sizes - shop our line of JJ Cole products and stay warm. ♥  http://www.pishposhbaby.com/jj-cole-bundle-me-s.html
Easy Christmas Decor Ideas- Reindeer Hot Cocoa Cone - Click Pic for 25 Holiday Craft Ideas | Christmas Crafts
Asian Chicken Lettuce Wraps
Easy Valentine's Day Craft For Kids - Tissue Paper Heart Suncatcher ⋆ Makobi Scribe
Family Newsletter 6x8 Stationery Card by Stacy Claire Boyd | Shutterfly
Letters In The Sand | Creative ways to make learning fun!
How Storytelling Bloggers Get Massive Traffic From Pinterest
Homemade Dog Bone Shaped Tortilla Chips for Girl’s Puppy Dog themed Birthday Party  | goldenreflectionsblog.com #BirthdayParty #PuppyPawty #Recipes
This DIY Painted Palette Headboard is such a great way to add an amazing touch to your bed and bedroom. Not too rustic not too stylish but so pretty.
Simple 100 Days of School Shirt – Letters In The Sand
Darice Foam Sheet, 9" x 12", 6mm
These Meringue Cookies are great for Valentines Day since they are shaped like hearts!
Zucchini Brownies - the easiest recipe for the most gooey, chocolaty, fudgy brownies full of zucchini! And NO ONE will guess!
An easy to decorate, from-scratch mint chocolate cake with grasshopper cookies, chocolate buttercream and peppermint buttercream frosting.
Loaded Veggie Avocado Tuna Salad
Bunny Peeps, Dirt Cups. Plastic cups are great if taking to a school or other, outdoor egg hunt Easter party. Also if you need to make a lot.
Layered Peeps Rice Krispie Treats for Easter (scheduled via http://www.tailwindapp.com?utm_source=pinterest&utm_medium=twpin&utm_content=post1536247&utm_campaign=scheduler_attribution)
One of the most frustrating things about parenting is when your baby won't nap. Here are ways to stay calm and help your baby to sleep.
Gâteau Lapin de Pâques au chocolat - DIY - Tutoriel photo technique étapes en pas à pas - Recettes de cuisine Ôdélices
What is postpartum hair loss? What can be done about it? Here's a humorous and helpful look at postpartum hair loss from a mom who experienc...
Bubble Guppies Birthday Party Ideas | Photo 2 of 31 | Catch My Party
Getting a Handle on Preeclampsia
These Salsa Verde Chicken Enchiladas are made with a creamy and delicious filling, and smothered with cheese. They will kick any Mexican food craving!
It's so important to understand car seat safety. And one of the biggest things all parents need to know is when and if to move a child to a booster seat. Great information and tips here!
HONEY WALNUT SHRIMP Skip takeout and make this delicious and easy   shrimp at home. So easy, even the kids can help, and no sticky mess.  @candhsugar #CHHoneyGranules #ad – Eazy Peazy Mealz
Tall Mom tiny baby: HOW TO MAKE POSTPARTUM PADSICLES / PADSICKLES
No Churn Cake Batter Ice Cream | HousewifeEclectic.com #SensitiveSmiles #Ad #Cbias
Interesting idea.This lady sleeps her babies in a laundry basket until they are too big. What a great idea! You can move em anywhere and they still feel like they're in their bed!!! now why didnt i think of that
Canvas Tote bag With Two Tone Minimal Style by MinorStore on Etsy
Mexican Brown Rice Bake
Are you SURE you looked in the closet? #funny #parentingproblems http://pishposhbaby.com
Do Fertility Drugs Increase Your Risk of Getting Cancer?
Painted Wood Slice Pumpkins
Gallery Wall tips and tricks for creating your own gallery wall- Finding Your Joy in the Journey
How to create a gallery wall on a budget using things you have around the house or can find at a thrift store and upcycle.
outdoor Halloween decorations
Gluten Free Pumpkin Banana Bread. Recipe from @whattheforkblog | whattheforkfoodblog.com
DIY stairway gallery wall - A great blog for DIY farmhouse decor & inspiration for a farmhouse style staircase gallery wall. A must pin for future gallery walls for any room of your home!
Pecan Pie Bread Pudding, if you like bread pudding and you like pecan pie, you'll love this creamy, crunchy dessert.
An easy recipe for vegan and gluten free carrot cake. This lightly spiced cake is topped with a sweet dairy free cream cheese frosting.
Sweet and Spicy Sausage Stuffed Mushrooms | The Suburban Soapbox
100 acre woods party birthday party winnie the pooh ideas
This new mom gift basket is the perfect gift for a new mom! So many great ideas in here, and it will definitely help make life with a newborn easier!
Gallery wall
How to Dodge - love this look!
Oven Fried Parmesan Chicken
Love the colors.
freezer organization
stephjacobson: making a swimsuit: mission (sort of) accomplished
Great ideas to surprise kids that don't involve money. These are the kinds of things they truly remember!
Apples, peanut butter and marshmallows..made me smile!
bow ringg
{taste this} caramel apple munch mix ... from shaken together
The Creek Line House: Easy Wall Art: Dollar Store Letter Canvas
Great information
11 free Valentine Fonts via The Shabby Creek Cottage
Flax Tan Beige Linen Table Runner 20 x 74 by SuttonPlaceDesigns, $48.00
Makeup Starter Kit: MAC  via @Andrea #beauty #mac #makeup #highend
love the teal and wall planking with the wide wood flooring
DIY PVC Pipe Succulent Planters
New Office Lighting!
tips for decorating a dorm on a dime
crock pot tomato ravioli soup | TodaysCreativeBlog.net
Thanksgiving Centerpiece Idea... so fun!
DIY DROP CLOTH PILLOW COVERS
Vintage Inspired Apron Series: How to make Box Pleats!
quick & easy ornament organization somuchbetterwithage.com
French Country style from Our Southern Home with a few vintage finds  #FrenchCountry #CountryFrench
Gorgeous landscaping!
Mason Jar Valentines
7 healthy foods that turned out to be unhealthy
How to make a waterproof picnic quilt (for the nonseamstresses out there!)
10+ Projects to Inspire Your Weekend - Our Southern Home
Grain Sack Desk {Annie Sloan Chalk Paint} - Our Southern Home
DIY Camera Strap Tutorial
Home made all natural face moisturizer. Anti Acne, refreshing and not too heavy. | Saynotsweetanne.com | #diy #recipe #beauty #lotion
Gold Desk using Martha Stewart Paint
How adorable are these DIY Paper Envelopes? Skip plain white ones and send these cuties instead. They are addicting and so easy to make!
Mint and Coral Nightstand Makeover via RainonaTinRoof.com #makeover #nightstand #DIY
Skip the drive-thru and make your own spiced cider at home. It's easy!
Coastal Dresser Makeover
How to restore old wood on furniture
20 Fun No-Sew Fabric Crafts | littleredwindow.com
Sweet dolls house makeover!
Make wheat grass centerpieces for your next party - includes an easy tutorial!
Easy wooden painted sign via somuchbetterwithage.com
IKEA Hack Play Kitchen  | littleredwindow.com  |  Make an adorable play kitchen with sink, stove, oven, fridge and microwave all from a set of old nighstands!
How to Make a Pumpkin
Fresh, Fall Entertaining
Love this idea of using dimensional "puffy" paint to create a unique throw pillow. via www.twopurplecouches.com #puffypaint #crafts #diy #diyprojects #throwpillows #homedecor
Simple red and yellow fall decor - One Mile Home Style Home Decor Tour
Sweet dolls house makeover by A house full of sunshine for Practically Functional
16 Awesome Homemade Halloween Decorations
101 Snacks On The Go
101 Creative Date Nights on a Dime | I don’t believe you have to spend a fortune on a fancy dinner to have a worthwhile date night.  In fact, I think that some of the most meaningful date nights (or date days) are the ones that don’t even cost a dime! So, here’s my list of 101 Creative Date Nights on a Dime!
Two Toned Painted Lane Cedar Chest by virginiasweetpea.com
Tutorials I have seen for DIY any-type-of-hide rugs have required painting on the pattern of a hide. This DIY Cowhide Rug doesn't require any painting! via RainonaTinRoof.com
Adorable Beach Boardwalk birthday party idea from TheDomesticHeart.com
What child wouldn't be thrilled to receive a letter from Santa? We are going to make it easy for you to surprise the kids with the adorable printable. The letter comes with the printable envelope  to match.
Holiday Gift Guide for the Gardener - Sweet Pea
DIY Farmhouse dining table from TheDomesticHeart.com
Joy Sign Front Porch Christmas
Autumnal Face Quote Free printable available in 5 fall colors, chalkboard, and watercolor! Perfect for decorating your Thanksgiving table or buffet! Get it at The Domestic Heart
no bake almond joy snack bites I howsweeteats.com
Learn how to make homemade felted wool dryer balls to save time and money and reduce static in your laundry!
How to Get Rid of Unwanted Wall Anchors
Make Your Own Febreze for approx $.15 a bottle! madefrompinterest.net
Just write in a new message every day with a dry erase pen. Great idea -- though I think I'll need three of them.  Or four!
Simple tutorial for making a Tissue Paper Tassel Garland! Makes gorgeous decor for a bridal or baby shower, a birthday party, or as an addition to your seasonal decor!
Campari and Ruby Grapefruit cocktail - refreshingly tart and oh-so easy!
Cinnamon pumpkin spice muffin recipe perfect for fall! CatchMyParty.com
I created this recipe for a Chili Cook-off because I hate onions and most chili recipes have onions, and I won!
Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Cookies - These are the perfect soft baked fall cookies full of pumpkiny goodness and stuffed full of chocolate chips.
DIY Rag Rug
far-thai-chicken-spaghetti-squash-bowl-recipe
Adorable gift idea for teachers or neighbor! Reindeer Rootbeer - takes minutes to make and costs less than $5!!
Halloween projects for kids The Chirping Moms
My Big, Fat, Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookie - The Girl Who Ate Everything
Totally making these Plastic Spoon Christmas Trees this year from One Project Closer
The Best Chili Recipe | PinkWhen
You won't believe what is being used for a tree topper in this collection of rustic Christmas decorating ideas. Lots of beautiful holiday inspiration.
103723597637544748_OKXijtMF_c
Create simple winter decor with these 3D snowflakes. They are perfect for holiday and winter decorating.
Cozy Adirondack Christmas Porch created Jenna Burger Design
Crochet Snowflakes - Free Pattern Friday Round Up!
Dress up your walls or hot chocolate bar this Christmas with this easy DIY hot cocoa sign!
Gorgeous sunroom tour - divided into 3 zones - brilliant!  eclecticallyvintage.com
Taco Bell Mexican Pizzas
Easy Burrito Bowls - Skip Chipotle and try these burrito bowls right at home. It's easier, healthier and 10000x tastier!
Crispy Baked String Bean Fries
I have great memories of my mom making stuffed bell peppers for my family when I was a kid. This is a slight twist on her classic stuffed bell pepper recipe that I grew up eating and loving!
Shrimp Scampi Dip - One of the best dips I've ever had, baked to absolute creamy, cheesy perfection!
When you want champagne, but it doesn't have the kick you want, you can always go for the French 75 cocktail. It's a champagne, gin and lemon drink with kick. Great way to use up leftover champagne.
Inspiring before-and-after room reveals you can recreate on a budget! SO many cool DIY ideas!:
15.simple_white_mudroom
How to hang a headboard
Super Simple DIY Cafe Curtains | JustAGirlAndHerBlog.com
P/K Lifestyles Outdoor Fabric-Flower Child/Sapphire
Vegetable Lasagna Recipe from www.inspiredtaste.net #lasagna #recipe
43 DIY Patio and Porch Decorations
Homemade Parmesan Potato Chips
The Best Breakfast Recipes of 2014
Great finger food for a holiday party.
Ever get a smell in your house that you just aren’t sure where it is coming from? If you’re like me, with a sensitive nose, then smells make you get on a cleaning rampage trying to clean any possible source. Well, sometimes you just can’t find it, or you don’t have time to clean like a...Read More »
Grilled Margarita Chicken Kabobs from The Cards We Drew
These no bake Peanut Butter Granola Energy Bites are only 5 ingredients and taste delicious-I like to eat them during my mid afternoon slump! They freeze great too!
Sparkling Raspberry Lemonade - This is so vibrant and refreshing, I could drink this all summer long!
How to Stay Motivated When Saving Money #mysunnyday
Holiday Spirit DIY Sugar Scrub with Essential Oils
Creamy avocados, a little sour cream, and a whole lot of cilantro create a dreamy AVOCADO CREAM SAUCE that pairs perfectly with Extra Crunchy Chicken and Cheese Taquitos, for an after-school snack, party appetizer or meal. Recipe at TidyMom.net @elmonterey partner
Super Clean Protein Power Chocolate Shake Recipe.  #Ad #KashiPlantPower #GoTogether
Holiday Spirit DIY Sugar Scrub with Essential Oils
20 Things to Do With Lemons
Monster Chocolate Covered Cereal Treats Recipe #SpooktacularSnacks ad
This Crock Pot Pork Loin with Gravy recipe is ah-mazing!
Thomas 2-piece Accent Table Set
slow-cooker-vegetable-korma-6
Handmade Holiday: DIY Essential Oil Diffuser Bracelet from One Project Closer
Easy Weeknight Dinner: Polska Kielbasa Casserole with Peas and Rice. REAL comfort food, and perfect for potlucks!
Clean Eating Eggnog Recipe
Stocking Stuffer Ideas for Him
Candy Cane Infused Vodka - a great gift to give along with hot cocoa! - One Project Closer
DIY HONEYCOMB POM POMS - Throwing a party soon? Use some of these adorable DIY honeycomb pom poms made with crepe paper for a fun decor, perfect for any party!
Mallorca Bread: Soft Puerto Rican Sweet Bread Rolls – The Noshery
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Nutella Filled Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookies
Crepe Paper Fringe Bouquet; again, can customize with colors for any event
Chicken Enchilada Stuffed Zucchini Boats | Skinnytaste
Toasted Almond Parmesan Dip - a perfect holiday appetizer! | How Sweet It Is
Top-Rated Recipes with nutritional data and Weight Watchers points!! #cleaneating #snacks
jeans, white button up, oversized scarf, hat
Katia's Sugar
warm honey fig dip with blue cheese and garlic pitas I howsweeteats.com
babyGap + Peanuts® graphic tee
Under the Sea  | CatchMyParty.com
Slow Cooker Beef Roast and Carrots
Aspergers syndrome explained for children Arthur and his friends explain Asperger's Syndrome better than I have ever seen or heard before.  It is clear, accurate, fun, and positive.
Mix+and+Match+Bridesmaid+Dress+Ideas+|+Bridal+Musings+Wedding+Blog+3
Edamame Hummus Recipe {www.TwoHealthyKitchens.com}
Rocky Road Fudge from SixSistersStuff.com - only 4 ingredients! #fudge #christmas
Two-Ingredient Banana Chocolate Chip Ice Cream Bites
Cake Mix Sugar Cookies.
Clean Eating Spinach and Artichoke Quinoa Casserole
NO SEW BURLAP COVERED TRAY OR CRATE BOTTOM - StoneGable
Two Ingredient Compote! Fresh cherries, strawberries and Orange Juice | #vegan #glutenfree
Spinach & Bean Burrito Wrap
Baked Chicken Chimichangas - one of our favorite healthy Mexican meals. the-girl-who-ate-everything.com
BUNNY FOLD NAPKIN DIY - StoneGable
Creamy Vegetable Leek Soup. This was yummy.  I puréed it completely and used butter instead of bacon.  Served with s ones beef sausage for my carnivores.
One Pan Sour Cream Chicken Enchilada Skillet
Apricot Coconut Scones - tender scones with great coconut flavour and sweet chunks of apricot baked right in. A dainty, delicious addition to afternoon tea.
marinated chickpea panzanella with chimichurri I howsweeteats.com
LMFAO @ Bucky's face<< THIS WAS THE BEST FUCKING MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN I CRIED CUZ OF HOW GOOD IT WAS - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Oh get out of here <<<< Wow, just wow....... Gosh I love my fandom!!!!!<3 - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
$22.99 Captain America Bow Tie. Very Dapper! - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Inktober #18, the Bucky Bear~ broke out my trusty red copic for this one, I should do it more often. - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
The Avengers.   This film is rated A for Awesome. - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Captain America: Civil War by Vincent Aseo - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Koriand'r (Earth-27) commission by phil-cho.deviantart.com on @DeviantArt - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Red Skull- I have a confession to make. I only watched the first Captain America movie because the Red Skull was in it. :) - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Lemon-Zucchini_LMLD_3
Spiderman Spiderman  Does whatever a spider can - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
we can make banners of joker and harley quin to hang - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
All Grown Up Striped Slouch Hat - great free crochet pattern, and there are matching fingerless mitts/arm warmers! {mooglyblog.com}
Harley Quinn,Харли Квинн, Харлин Квинзель,DC Evil,Злодеи,DC Comics,DC Universe, Вселенная ДиСи,фэндомы,kamiyamark - Visi
The history of the Civil War written by the South's most respected historian and story-teller. A stunning work that reads like a novel. - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
HAWKGIRL 2: JSA, granddaughter of Speed Saunders. Kendra - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Gwenpool - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Me pone triste que Batman no existe. - Visit now to grab yourself a super hero shirt today at 40% off! - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Image detail for -Civil War Music, Civil War Bands, Music of the Civil War - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Come down here and fight like a man!  -I don't suppose I can convince you to come up here and fight like a spider...  Spiderman-Marvel Comics - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Captain America WWII. This but female version of course :) - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
NEW Marvel Captain America 2 Super Hero lycra compression tights sport T shirt Men fitness clothing short sleeves S-XXXX - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Chicken Black Bean Enchilada Skillet
Italian Bake Casserole - The Midnight Baker
Pokemon Go teams in a nutshell xd TEAM INSTICT ALL THE WAY - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Civil War Victorian Satin Ball Gown Day Evening Dress Reenactment 170 XL | eBay - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
This lesson will examine the most famous speech in American history to understand how Lincoln turned a perfunctory eulogy at a cemetery dedication into a concise and profound meditation on the meaning of the Civil War and American union.   Questions used in this TED.Ed are borrowed from Edsitement lesson plan. - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
civil war cemetery. Westlake ,Ohio - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Little boy clothing Ddlb // Mdlb // Cglb // BDSM - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Pinup Arena • babsbabsbabs:   Batgirl #51 cover! - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Becc Johnson - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Simple country bedroom with vintage floral painting as a headboard, all-white bedding, cowhide pillow, and buffalo check throw #gingham #country #bedroom
Arkham Manor #1
1863 Civil War Letter from George B. Atkins to his father from Camp Douglas, Illinois - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
DC's VIGILANTE Gets a REBIRTH In South Central L.A., From Someone Who Lived It
Avengers  Let me know if "Real Power" wants a magazine or something... - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Pumpkin Pie Cake only has 5 ingredients but it tastes completely homemade! Perfect for the holidays since it serves 12 and is the perfect pie/cake combo!
Spiderman from Captain America: Civil War, played by Tom Holland. He did a really good job, making the character humorous, noble, and endearing as ever. Also, Holland is an experienced gymnast, so he could do the required stunts. Cool? I think so. - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Super Hero Birthday Party - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
batman dc comics - Google Search - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Batman: The Brave and the Bold. And Young Justice
The Dark Skateboarder
Captain America : Civil War Custom Movie Poster/Promo on Behance - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Haunted Civil War Orphanage, Gettysburg - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
UI Design for the Avengers by Jayse | Abduzeedo | Graphic Design Inspiration and Photoshop Tutorials - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Spiderman Logo Shower Curtain - Print Art Shoppe - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Civil War Gowns | Civil War Victorian Cotton Blends Ball Gown Day Dress Reenactment 187 ... - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Every Stitch: Civil War Bride in Red - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
The Amazing Spider-Man Logo Web by SpideRaY.deviantart.com on @deviantART - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
I'm Groot - Guardians of the Galaxy iPhone wallpaper @mobile9 - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Id just dress up to meet them
Lee   Jim Gotham season 2 - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
joker-eruri: “ Jared Leto Joker by MONKO | Joker fan art | Jared Leto Joker… - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on s
TUT - How to make comic book letters then use them for the kid's bedroom. - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Robin - Damian Wayne - Anamodiel - Visit to grab an amazing super hero shirt now on sale!
Crock Pot Recipes
Christmas Cinnamon Rock Candy on sweettreatsmore.com.
Photo by Justine Bursoni , bride's dress BHLDN
What’s better than seeing #registry gifts delivered to your front door? Being able to request when and where they’ll be delivered, because we notified you that #gifts are on the way. Register for FedEx Delivery Manager (http://at.fedex.com/11Sx2GO) & help put delivery control in your hands.
Apple Butter Muffins
This Spinach-Artichoke dip practically makes itself in your slow-cooker! Photographing it, on the other hand, is the hard part.
Pecan Pie Bites - pecan mixture baked in a phyllo shell - great for tailgating or Thanksgiving
25 Gift Ideas that won't cause clutter! This Christmas, give them something or ask for something you don't have to clutter up things more!
The Country Cook: Meatball Sub Casserole
Pumpkin roll cake with white chocolate drizzle ohsweetbasil.com
Crock Pot Beef Stew is easy, hearty, and comforting. Toss everything into the crock pot at night then pop into the base and cook the next day! #glutenfree | iowagirleats.com
Kiss Pies - Picky Palate
how-to-remove-sticker-residue.jpg 500×835 pixels
Napkin idea with seashell. Bright blue, coral and orange.
Roasted Red Pepper Shrimp Scampi Dip
Apple Cider Pie - apple cider in the crust and the filling! The crust is perfectly flaky and the filling is so easy! This is the BEST apple pie I've ever eaten.
The secret to hemming knits. It's the type of thread you use! Rae Gun Ramblings
You can safely enjoy some sugar cookie dough without worries of eating raw eggs or feeling too guilty! Edible Sugar Cookie Dough will safely satisfy your sweet tooth!
1.3k14000{Recipe photos updated January 2014.} I love Chinese take-out. Handyman Tim and I have become pseudo-conneiseurs of Mongolian Beef and potstickers. But when I’m on my own, it is fried rice that really makes me happy. I went through a very heavy Rachael Ray recipe phase when I was first starting to cook for my …
Coastal Christmas Ornaments Kohls coastal christmas tree 2015
Pineapple Pretzel Salad
carvedring
Chicago Jogger: Running Update + Healthy Pumpkin Spice Bites
Coconut Lime Macaroons
Authentic Canadian Poutine Recipe
Flannel Shirting Fabric Red Beige
Everyone's favorite chocolate crinkle cookies made even better with the addition of peanut butter. These are the softest, fudgiest chocolate crinkles!
Sweet Corn Spoonbread - Pinterest
Sausage Cream Cheese Dip | thetwobiteclub.com
Andes Muddy Buddies
Crack+Dip+Recipe
Black Eyed Pea Dip
Baked Brown Sugar Chicken Wings with Roasted Red Pepper Cream Sauce - Amazingly crisp, baked wings served with a creamy dipping sauce!
Slow Cooker Chicken Parmesan Soup - All of the flavors of decadent Chicken Parmesan in a waistline-friendly crockpot soup! Takes just minutes to prep. | foxeslovelemons.com
slow cooker pineapple pork loin raw
Freezer Breakfast Burritos from handletheheat.com
Oven-Fried Chicken Chimichangas
Pineapple Mule Cocktail and Mocktail
Cauliflower Pizza Crust Recipe
Breakfast doesn't have to be boring! With this Ham, Egg & Cheesewich Breakfast Sandwich, you can make a fast, easy, and tasty breakfast in no time.
Soft and moist, and bursting with apple flavor. No mixer required!
full view pantry after
Camping Hacks You Won't Believe You've Been Living Without
Garlic Parmesan Broccoli! The perfect side dish to any meal! Broccoli baked with olive oil and garlic then sprinkled with parmesan cheese. | HomemadeHooplah.com
Balsamic Roasted Brussels Sprouts - Eat Yourself Skinny
Christina Millian and The Dream - Celebrity Couples Who've Posed Nude Together - Photos
This Cinnamon Bread is so easy to make, so pretty to look at, and so yummy to eat! Cinnamon Bread isn't just for fall, make it any time for a great treat.
cucumber vodka soda I howsweeteats.com
Is There Too Much Sugar in Flavored Milk? from AgriCultured. Do your kids love to drink flavored milk? Do you worry that there is too much sugar in flavored milk? All milk has natural sugars, and it is a nutrition powerhouse, flavored or plain!
Jack Daniels, Jack Daniels Distillery, Lynchburg TN, Tennessee, Tennessee Whisky, Whisky tour, brew tour, brew, whisky tasting, walking tour, tasting tour
Zucchini Noodle Bake from Alarm Clock Wars. Are you looking for something different to do with zucchini? This Zucchini Noodle Bake is…
A cookie crust is layered with a creamy lemon pudding, sweet cream cheese, and a fluffy whipped topping. This dessert is perfect for spring and summer!
London Broil slicing|2CookinMamas
diy-pom-pom-steps
hot dog casse
Amici Glasses with Aqua Blue Rim... http://www.beachblissdesigns.com/2016/10/amici-glasses-with-aqua-blue-rim.html
How to Cut Up a Whole Chicken from My Fearless Kitchen. Have you thought about buying a whole chicken instead of pre-packaged pieces, but were too nervous to cut up a whole chicken at home? In this video, I'll walk you through the easy steps to cut up a whole chicken by yourself!
Snowman Breakfast for the Kids :: HoosierHomemade.com
These soft and moist Mushroom Meatballs are simple to prepare and make a perfect vegetarian dinner!❤ COOKTORIA.C
Slow Cooker Ham, Turkey, & Noodle Casserole from My Fearless Kitchen. Are you looking for something different to do with your leftovers? Use leftover turkey and ham in this easy Slow Cooker Ham, Turkey, and Noodle Casserole.
Spaghetti Squash with Mushrooms Parmesan
101116-Masking-Jennifer-McGuire-Ink
This is cute and can be made with seasonal candies and treats.
Chocolate peanut butter squares
"crack potatoes"
ribbon ornaments
Olive garden breadsticks
Breakfast Pockets, filled with hash browns, cheese, sausage ....
Use old shutters for displaying photos, hanging keys, jewelry, etc! Love it!
Homemade chicken nuggets-Tried these and not only are they some of the best chicken nuggets i've had, they cost less than a bag of processed nuggets, and I once cooked up and popped in the freezer I have the same ease as store bought nuggets-very excited about this!! Plus there is a great honey mustard dip at the bottom of the recipe :).
Easter Deviled Eggs
Sour Cream and Bacon Crockpot Chicken
Mom's cell phone number bracelet, when traveling with little ones in airports, at amusement parks, school Field Trips. Genius.
Baked spaghetti...with cream cheese. A fellow pinners says...Took to a pot luck. They practically licked the pan clean!
Chile and Cheese Spirals | Real Mom Kitchen
school day grab and go--PB oat breakfast cookies. High protein, no flour or processed sugar..(Ingredients: bananas, peanut butter, applesauce, vanilla, quick oatmeal, nuts, optional chocolate chips)
CRAZY CAKE, also known as Wacky Cake & Depression Cake - No Eggs, Milk, Butter,Bowls or Mixers!!! Crazy Moist & Good!!!
Baked Cream Cheese Spaghetti Casserole. This was delicious and easy.  Divided it into two brownie pans and froze one for a later date.  Kind of a poor man's lasagna. Quick and easy, too.
A guide to vintage gloves from Lotties Loves
This one's beautiful, Michael Galloway
Vintage Dolls: Fab 60s Barbie Doll Travel Wardrobe Knitting Pattern
Vintage basket purse
Chicken & Cheese Enchiladas with Green Chili & sour Cream Sauce
A fun craft and a project to help others in need with Fiskars and Champions for Kids #fiskars4kids #shop #cfk
Great winter meal - ground turkey, tomatoes, chili seasonings, beans, low fat cheese and medium shell whole wheat pasta
kilim love by the style files, via Flickr
The Pioneer Woman - Biscuits with sausage gravy, scrambled eggs, and breakfast potatoes with peppers and onions
Leftover Chicken Rotini Parmesan Bake
#old world distressed #DIY
sweet girls room.  This will be perfect for if the girls share a room in the new house.
CACAO BOON vintage advertising card
~Blue kid leather shoes, French. c. 1868-1875~
pumpkin sheet cake
Adoption is not for the faint of heart! Great quote. So true!
1967 Pirates of the Caribbean photo.
Woodie Volks
Hank and Audrey Williams
Simple Hostess Gift ~GREAT DIY~
Black dress with a deep cut back pencil dress autumn by Baymut
Roasted Tomato Soup
In the time that I've had a container garden, I've learned a few things about what not to do when it comes to planting a successful garden. Here are 5 container gardening mistakes to avoid.
These are the best examples of kitchen s featuring pantry (s) in the cabinet (s). They're SO well done! | Design -er: Venegas and Company
Skillet White Chicken Chili Dip
20 Uses for Lavender Essential Oil
According to one fan: “This was like having a little slice of vacation." And it's a lot less expensive than a trip to the Caribbean.
Homemade Tomato Soup With Garlic Bread Toasted Cheese Sandwiches - The classic combo made even better!
20 Homemade Christmas Cards Made by the Kids
sermon notes
New Years Mini Ball Drop
Cheap Christmas Wall Art
1951 wedding dress.
Paramount theater, probably 1928
This Buffalo Chicken Tortilla Pinwheels recipe is a must for game day! An easy party food with all the flavors of buffalo chicken wings...without the mess. These are gone fast every time I make them!
Healthy Mediterranean 7-Layer Dip Recipe will disappear in minutes at your next party!...49 calories and 2 Weight Watcher SmartPoints #vegetarian
Ida Wood, who lived for decades as a recluse in a New York City hotel, would have taken her secrets to the grave—if here sister hadn't gotten there first
Threshold™ Raw Edge Quilt
Chocolate pecan cinnamon rolls are a delicious way to say good morning. Your whole family will love them.
Do you feel like your house is always a mess with mail piled up, messy shoes, beds unmade? You might be making one critical error. Here's a simple tip how to fix it.
Learning How to Tell Time | Creekside Learning
5 Homemade Dog and Cat Treats Recipes
Grab a Spoon!! Egg-less Cookie Dough recipe for all the cookie dough lovers! { lilluna.com }
Chihuahua
Amazing and Tender Chicken Parmesan
Butterfinger Brownie Cookies 4
Mai Tai - Allrecipes.com
1920s
fripperiesandfobs: “Evening dress, 1876 From the Fashion Museum, Bath on Twitter ”
Find out what the top overdrive pedals are for 2016! follow the link here
Third Grade Cut & Paste Math Activities • What I Have Learned
This fired ink art is so cool! It's easy enough for kids to do and turns out beautiful! Great summer craft activity to do with your kids. DIY home decor or wall art.
Banana Drop Cookies. Theses are a light fluffy cookie and great for using up those overripe bananas! Easy recipe too! | Lovefoodies.com
Butternut Squash Goat Cheese Dip.
My self-care routine every morning that sets the tone for my day.
Vintage 1969 Irish Air Lingus Magazine Ad-"Paris And You thought Irish only flew to Ireland."
I love this Thanks and Giving Trees idea. This is such a good idea to do with your children in November. #FreePrintable
Chocolate Cobbler from Bake or Break
Sweet Smorgasbord!
Free People Clothing Boutique > Women's Clothes, Accessories, Boho Clothing, Shoes
Butterscotch Pecan Sandies add a rich burst of flavor to these traditional nutty cookies. - Bake or Break
12 Best Recipes for Baking with Pecans | Bake or Break
Butterflies need salt for breeding - Create a salt lick in your garden and increase the butterfly population. How-to's and links included.
Blackpool Pleasure Beach
hit up the Utica #antique and #fleamarket this weekend! found some treasures!  Binks and the Bad Housewife: weekend recap
Good Morning Sunshine Bars | Bake or Break
Children's Atlas of God's World. An educational adventure! :)
looks interesting!  I can never have enough #books! Cicchetii
aahey+239.JPG (1066×1600)
Birch + Bird Vintage Home Interiors » Blog Archive » Creative Play: Art Room Inspiration
Salted Caramel, Chocolate, Macadamia Praline Tarts | Butter Baking
Sweet Potato, Carrot And Lentil Soup
the painted farm girl!
NO MORE BLISTERS! Just rub a little Band-Aid Friction Block on your toes or wherever your skin is sticking and its "like wearing a sock!" --- a bridesmaid/ bride must buy!
white campaign dresser
Binks and the Bad Housewife
http://www.holyinnocentsvintage.tumblr.com
diy.self_.serve_.cocktail.station.thanksgiving.6
Turkey, Smashed Avocado, Cranberry, Brie and Mashed Potato Waffle Melts | halfbakedharvest.com
Holiday Wreaths Two Ways
Christmas in a Tart | The Fauxmartha
Ingredients That Make Great Gifts, Brunch Recipes for a Crowd, Cozy Holiday Potluck with Friends & Best Hot Chocolate Recipes
Biscoff Oatmeal Cookies from Chip Chip Hooray
thick knit metallic infinity scarf
French Farmhouse Decor: 10 DIY Projects for a Rustic, Relaxed & Refined Look
Our Favorite Living Rooms
Binks and the Bad Housewife: merry christmas from the family.
Chocolate Peanut Butter Balls
The Best of 2013
FOR THE LOVE OF GOLD: entertaining tip: poppin' champs
Big Time Jalapeño Lime Black Bean Texas Chili.
babies breath
@Who What Wear - Nicole Warne of Gary Pepper Vintage  On Warne: Stella McCartney Cotton Blend Duchesse Dress ($2180); Olympia Le-Tan Hansel And Gretel Cotton Book Clutch ($1711); Sergio Rossi Godiva Patent Pointed Pumps ($615)
Giandua Souffle | Bake or Break
garden shed-so cute: )
@Who What Wear - Use your lined shirt as the base for your look and layer with a neutral coat and plaid scarf.      Shini Park of Park and Cube      On Park: Club Monaco coat; J. Crew top (similar style here)
PATATAS BRAVAS | MINIMALISTBAKER.COM #VEGAN #GLUTENFREE
Kinfolk Natural Decor Workshop, Nashville by Beth Kirby | {local milk}, via Flickr
3 all-time favorite games to play with sight words | use these ideas for learning vocabulary or letters, too! | #weteach #vlog free printables
Sake Mushrooms
A Fabulous Fete: valentines day vision
@Who What Wear - Camille Over The Rainbow
fur
{American History} US President Plans | This Sweet Life Blog
@Who What Wear - Replace Your Necklace With A Scarf:                 We’ve long sung the praises of the silk neckerchief. Add one in place of your go-to statement necklace.   Get The Look:   Jonathan Adler Chioiserie Owl Silk Scarf ($98) in Fuschia
easy peanut butter cookies recipe
Chocolate Caramel Brownies | Bake or Break
7 Satisfying Low-Carb Dinners For Every Night of the Week
Salted Beer Caramel Topped Blondies
German Chocolate Cheesecake features a layer of rich cheesecake between layers of chocolate cake. So decadent and delicious! - Bake or Break
his little lady: Hairspiration & Tutorial
Cream Cheese and Oat Bars | Bake or Break
Mothers day outfit
black floors
love this light in the kitchen
Maps and Brass
the shutterbugs: melissa kaseman. / sfgirlbybay
Vanilla Bean Coconut Quinoa Pudding with Honey Drizzled Raspberries | halfbakedharvest.com
Salted Caramel Peanut Butter Cream Pie | Girl Versus Dough
Floral Infinity Scarf $12.95
Sew your own outdoor cushions
British country house in Malaga | Daily Dream Decor
Happily Grey | CHALKY | http://www.happilygrey.com
The Cherry Blossom Girl - Plumeria 05
Caramel Apple Cheesecake Bars
Local Milk | coriander & fennel marinated rack of lamb + mint chimichurri
Brass Rail | Accessories | Dining + Kitchen
Peanut Butter Banana Bread Brownies -- SO addictive. Our new favorite treat! Sweet, clean-eating & only 80 calories each!
Diana & Dominic's Art-filled Victorian
Happily Grey | BOYISH | http://www.happilygrey.com
Strawberry Protein Mug Cake - Healthy, fluffy, protein-packed cake in under 5 minutes  that isn't spongey AT ALL! | Foodfaithfitness.com | #mugcake #healthysnack #recipe
7 Ways to Add Art to Your Kitchen
living-rooms-that-sport-a-book-collection-7
a few shades of gray. / sfgirlbybay
9 Surprising Ways to Make Your Place More Stylish Right Now via @domainehome
Vintage Holiday Christmas Decorations
A Rural 1800s Barn Becomes a Modern Home | Design*Sponge
Lisa's Pint-Size Storybook Nook — House Tour
Fabulous black walls master bedroom | Daily Dream Decor
Breakfast Friday // Chocolate Chip Oatmeal Cookie Smoothie // edibleperspective.com #glutenfree #vegan
Beautifully Organized: Collections
REVIEW :: J.CREW FALL 2015 RTW - coco+kelley
Favorite Things Friday -
at home with helena rohner. / sfgirlbybay
Dark Chocolate-Sour Cherry Brownies combine rich chocolate with tart cherries for an irresistible brownie. - Bake or Break
Samoa Cookie Bars  –  Annie’s Eats
DSC_5437
Chocolate Covered Strawberry Brownies are extra fudgy, extra decadent, and only require one pot to make. Less dishes = more time to eat brownies
41 Gratuitous Photos Of Sofa Porn
ricotta strawberry cake // brooklyn supper
easy ricotta cake with fresh berries
my scandinavian home: An incredibly cosy Finnish family home
Vanilla pie with marbled meringue
Weekends were made for brunch! Here are 20+ recipes of my favorite weekend pancake and french toast recipes!
Family Suite in the Chianti
Whole Wheat Strawberry Chocolate Chip Muffins -- SO much fruit & chocolate! These practically taste like cupcakes for breakfast!
Peanut Noodles With Chicken - foodiecrush
best soft batch chocolate chip cookies
Peach Brown Butter Sweet Rolls with Cream Cheese Brown Butter Glaze - Cooking for Keeps
Vegan Raspberry Banana Breakfast Bar Recipe – Super easy and naturally sweetened with raspberries and banana for a healthy, vegan-friendly breakfast for busy, on-the-go mornings! | Foodfaithfitness.com | @FoodFaithFit
these blueberry cherry muffins  are whole grain and full of summer fruits full of healthy antioxidants!
Lemon Cupcakes with Raspberry Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting recipe for dessert. Best desserts recipe.
Biscuits & Chocolate Gravy with Bacon Crumbles
Strawberry Pancakes topped with a luxurious cream cheese glaze and fresh cut strawberries.  www.houseofyumm.com
Free People Immortalia Ankle Boot, $278.00
Skinny Chocolate Peanut Butter Swirled Cinnamon Buns -  These cinnamon buns are whole wheat and made with Greek yogurt to keep them so light and fluffy! You would never know that they are skinny! You're gonna LOVE them! | Foodfaithfitness.com | @FoodFaithFit
Pineapple Cooler - This Pineapple Cooler is the perfect beverage for those tropical drink cravings. Creamy pineapple whip up into this slushy goodness- it’s divine! on kleinworthco.com
Green Smoothie Breakfast Popsicles for Popsicle Week 2015 | www.floatingkitchen.net
These Mini Apple Berry Crumble Pies are bursting with tart, juicy berries and tender apple slices, topped with a delectably crunchy crumble topping! Serve with ice cream for the best treat.
Cranberry Oatmeal Cookies
Roasted Pluot Phyllo Tarts on Dessert First
great early fall weekend outfit!
Grasshopper Bundt Cake - Yes, PLEASE!
Chocolate Pumpkin Pancakes Recipe for Breakfast
An easy recipe for Apple Cheddar Biscuits flavored with Kerrygold Aged Cheddar, tart Granny Smith apple and green onion. Paired with sweet-savory bacon jam.
Rainbow Chip Brownies. So easy, sweet and chewy with a chocolaty frosting spread on when the brownies are still warm! All topped with adorable, colorful rainbow chips! You could use M&Ms or sprinkles too!
This recipe tastes just like Starbucks Pumpkin Pound Cake - takes 15 minutes to prep, you will want to share this with friends and family! Can be made in muffin, mini muffin or mini loaf pans.
Burlap Laundry Sign…How to! - Domestically Speaking
Sugar-Free Wild Blueberry-Lemon Crisp
Coconut Pumpkin Spice Latte | halfbakedharvest.com @hbharvest
Spa In A Jar ~ DIY Valentine's Day Gift In A Jar
#strawberry, #recipe, #donuts, #donut  Photography: A Happy Food Dance - ahappyfooddance.com
These caramel cinnamon sugar muffins have caramel coffee creamer in the batter, plus the tops are dipped in cinnamon sugar!
Whole Wheat Berry Bars with Flax Meal by FamilySpice.com
Gretchen Wall-Mount Bathroom Sink
Peanut Butter Caramel Pretzel Bars are so deliciously sweet, salty, crunchy, and gooey! - Bake or Break
5 Reasons You're Failing at Organization | JustAGirlAndHerBlog.com
Elements of Style Blog | My Current Favorite Kitchen Look | http://www.elementsofstyleblog.com
Pumpkin Cranberry Maple Kugel--is this recipe a dessert or a decadent breakfast?
Cool and Creamy Layered Oreo Dessert
Brown Sugar Crinkles are simple cookies with big flavor. Perfect for sharing! - Bake or Break
Raw, Vegan Pumpkin Cheesecake Bites Recipe | POPSUGAR Fitness
Apple Cider Caramel...super creamy, sweet with apple flavor and perfect for sipping and drizzling!
Homemade Candy Cane Joe-Joes: This Trader Joe knock-off will keep you from having to run to the store when you run out. Without all of the preservatives, these will keep everyone happy.
farm life update
This recipe for Chocolate Vanilla Swirl Icebox Cookies makes tons of cookies that are perfect for holiday baking. They look beautiful and you can keep a roll in your fridge or freezer, ready to slice 'n bake!
Gingersnap Crumble Peach Ice Cream (and you don't need an ice cream maker!)
crayone hearts
Best Homemade Burger Seasoning - It is a Keeper
Oreo Cheesecake Cookie Dough Bars on twopeasandtheirpod.com.
Caramel Apple Cinnamon Rolls | Buttery caramel sauce and tender chunks of fresh apples rolled between layers of sweet bread.
buttermilk pancakes with a maple bourbon banana pecan sauce
Apple Blueberry Coffee Cake | Love at first bite.
Easy Christmas White Chocolate-Dipped Pretzel Rods www.thekitchenismyplayground.com
Baklava Muffin Culinary Concoctions by Peabody
This pistachio cake with honey vanilla buttercream frosting is a true celebration cake – with a light crumb and a delectable frosting, it’s the kind of cake that you will never forget after that first bite.
Crock Pot Chicken Marsala #Recipe
DIY: Etched Snowflake Ornaments in Birch. So easy!   |   Design Mom
Banana Peanut Butter Chia Seed Pudding | The Suburban Soapbox
Coconut Peanut Butter Snack Bites
Sweet and Salty Toll House Pie -oozing and warm... perfect with ice cream!
This cake is so yummy, it doesn't taste low calorie! I was shocked to love it -- I make it often, even when I'm not dieting.
tips for laundry
Heart Shaped Strawberry Upside Down Cake and Video | Grandbaby Cakes
S’mores Bars - gooey marshmallow s’mores bars! Like rice krispies but with graham crackers, YUM!
Deep Dish Blueberry-Almond Pancakes, an easy hands off healthy breakfast or brunch recipe! With blueberries, almonds and lemon zest.
Start your day with a little bit of excitement when these brown butter pumpkin chai waffles are on the menu! Full of vitamin A and warm spices they taste like every fall morning should.
Banoffee Pie is an amazing dessert layering sliced bananas and dulce de leche or caramel made from sweetened condensed milk & topped with whipped cream. www.spendwithpennies.com
These Mini Burritos are filled with seasoned meat, beans, and cheese. Serve them as an appetizer and let your guests top their own. the-girl-who-ate-everything.com
Best Banana Cake - Cookies and Cups
Cherry Almond Ricotta Bundt Cake - Peas and Peonies
Cookies & Cream Pudding Cups: Layers of homemade chocolate pudding, crunchy Oreo cookies, and homemade vanilla bean whipped cream.
mix and match table setting - Binks & the Bad Housewife
Shrimp and Avocado Taco Salad is light and refreshing with a shrimp marinade that doubles as the salad dressing!
A 3 layer white cake filled with chopped cherries and cherry buttercream. Topped with a drizzled chocolate ganache and fresh cherries!
Kensington Slipper Chair
More than 50 yummy Grilled Cheese recipes! Lots of great ideas!
No-bake peanut butter pie with pretzel crust
Chicken Marsala | ReluctantEntertainer.com #CleanFeelsGood
Blog post at Tammilee Tips : I am dreaming of returning to Ireland!  The closer it get's to St. Patrick's Day the more I want to be on a plane back to Dublin. We fell [..]
Spinach and Bacon Quiche with easy butternut squash crust - delicious and healthy #paleo and #whole30 breakfast, brunch, or make ahead meal!  #glutenfree, #dairyfree #grainfree
Homemade Slushies + Simple Syrup Recipes | theviewfromgreatisland.com craftaholicsanonymous.net
27 Days of Spring Fashion Recap #FashionFriday
Aunt Sassy's Pistachio Layer Cake with Honey Buttercream
Hardees Cinnamon Raisin Copycat Biscuit Recipe -- we LOVE these biscuits and they taste exactly like the ones we get from Hardee's!! Easy recipe, nothing too complicated. One of our favorite breakfasts.
simple table centerpiece - Binks & the Bad Housewife
Banana Split Energy Balls | Destination Delish – an all-natural snack combining strawberry, banana, and chocolate flavors with cashews, dates, and almond milk
What to Bake for Passover!
Minnie Mouse Cupcakes For A 3rd Birthday Party - Dessert First
Strawberry Rhubarb Cobbler with Honey Butter Biscuits | halfbakedharvest.com @hbharvest
End of Summer Corn, Tomato, and Avocado Quinoa Salad
Lemon Berry Scones - Lauren Kelly Nutrition
Orange Crunch Cake: This cake is AMAZING!! #cake #baking
An easy recipe for Blueberry Crumb Bars | http://alidaskitchen.com
Ambrosia Muffins are certainly not lacking in the flavor department. Coconut, pineapple, cherries, oranges, nuts, and coconut all come together to make these fantastic muffins! - Bake or Break ~ http://www.bakeorbreak.com
Homemade Slushies + Simple Syrup Recipes | theviewfromgreatisland.com craftaholicsanonymous.net
Simply perfect white cupcakes with a moist texture and a delicate hint of almond.
The Ritz Carlton Lemon Pound Cake - the only from scratch Lemon Pound Cake recipe you will ever need! It tastes amazing! This recipe never lets me down. Great dessert for a crowd. Serve with vanilla ice cream and fresh fruit. | plainchicken.com @plainchicken
Chocolate Tres Leches from LoveandConfections.com #FWCon
Zucchini Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting | Baking a Moment
Brown Butter Blueberry Chocolate Chunk Blondies <----- drooling!
This Blueberry Cheesecake Dessert Recipe is a tried-and-true recipe that is a family favorite! | thegunnysack.com
Sweetened Condensed Milk Pound Cake is perfect for dessert or breakfast.
Mint Oreo Cupcakes -- One of my all-time favorites. Everyone loves these and asks for the recipe!!
Easy, baked Cherry Almond Hand Pies! A flaky crust with a cherry almond pie filling, dipped in a sugary glaze and topped with sliced almonds. The perfect dessert!
Classic Cinnamon Rolls ~ mykitchencraze.com ~ Wake up to the smell of a delicious moist cinnamon roll! Be sure to grab that cup of coffee.
Cheesy Ham and Broccoli Frittata from The Food Charlatan. This frittata is stuffed with chunks of ham, tender broccoli and pockets of cheddar cheese. It is completely irresistible for breakfast, lunch or dinner!
These big, chewy, hearty oatmeal cookies are filled with sweet, buttery, toasted pecans and little bites of caramel. - Bake or Break
Affogato – Vanilla Ice Cream, Espresso and Caramel Sauce
Stitching Die Video by Jennifer McGuire Ink
German Chocolate Cheesecake Mousse- fluffy chocolate no-bake cheesecake, layered with a buttery coconut-pecan caramel. Oh my!
Dark Chocolate Macadamia Nut Magic Bars
This easy zucchini apple crumb bread recipe is the perfect fall dessert! Filled with fresh apples and zucchini and topped with a brown sugar cinnamon crumb topping, this quick bread recipe is a fall staple!
The Ultimate Healthy Chocolate Mini Muffins -- like eating brownies for breakfast! And only 39 calories!
This creamy Strawberry and Oatmeal Smoothie makes the perfect breakfast. It is low on calories, yet so filling and tasty!
The Autumn Glow Fingerless Mitts are a fun and fast project to welcome fall! Crocheted in a lovely autumn shade, they are finished with a...
Mexican Coffee
Strawberry Cheesecake Bars | ohsweetbasil.com
Cheddar, Bacon, Ranch Drop Biscuits
Gingerbread Scones with Maple Drizzle -- soft, tender & on the table in 30 minutes! Nobody can tell these pastries are healthy!
Homemade Stovetop Apple Pie Filling is quick and easy. You can add your favorite seasons like cinnamon, nutmeg, maple syrup and more.
Chewy, Fudgy Flourless Chocolate Cookies
For an impressive holiday dessert that serves a crowd, you can't go wrong with cheesecake-flavor pudding wrapped in a red velvet cake!
Silky smooth and creamy peanut butter ice cream with the perfect balance of sweet and salty.
a rustic  alternative to traditional Thanksgiving apple pie | individual skillet apple cobbler
Peanut Butter Cup Cookies
Make your coffee taste like pumpkin pie with this Skinny Pumpkin Spice Coffee Creamer! SO easy & just 2 calories!
Sweet Tea Crème Brûlée topped with bruleed lemon sugar!  Like the drink but for dessert!
Apple, Cranberry & Pecan Stuffing
Cider Spiced Cranberry Apple Pie is so perfect for fall -- I make them in pre-made tart shells for an easy holiday dessert that will impress your guests!
Coconut Cream Pie Cookies | beyondfrosting.com | #coconutcreampie by Beyond Frosting, via Flickr
Pine Cone Flower Refrigerator Magnets
Chocolate Dipped Coconut Caramel Macaroons | halfbakedharvest.com @hbharvest
S'mores Bites - a twist on the classic dessert, make these little S'mores Bites in the oven!
This Pear Apple Crisp combines two of the best fall fruits into one delicious crisp, flavored with vanilla, cinnamon and ginger and topped with a grain-free crumble topping. This crisp is gluten-free, Paleo, and vegan.
Heathy paleo zucchini bread loaf. Healthy gluten free best bread recipes for the paleo diet.
Start your morning off with these warm Apple Muffins. Have one right out of the oven and enjoy with a cup of coffee or tall glass of milk.
Decorating ideas
St. Patricks day Printables
canning 101
Halloween Costumes  Pregnant Mom Skeleton
Furniture
Farmhouse table = LOVE
Great blog post about how we are raising generations of entitled people, and practical ways to STOP NOW, at the root of the problem - at home. Great Article!! I'm not alone in this!:)
How to secure blog conference sponsorship - BONUS how to work with McDonald's
Pepperoni Cheese stick roll ups
Free Vintage Printables
cute downloadable thankful notes by hellobee
"He is the Reason for the Season" Free Printable @Freetimefrolics  #Freeprintable # Christmas
Raised Beds
zippered pouch tutorial
Washi Paper sheets.  Cut to what ever shape you want.  Use your personal cutting tool, scissors or punches.  Brilliant
Oh My there are no words!!! Hey Girl. inspired Valentines for your future heart breaker!!!
felting... Handmade bracelet
Raspberry Vanilla Lemonade Recipe ~ Says: This is a great drink to serve at bridal or baby showers, or really just about any summer party. I love that it's so bright and colorful, yet completely natural.
Tag Along Tote Bag Tutorial via Free Time Frolics #tutorial #totebag #sewing
Memories of a travel splurge in Halifax.  Pinned by TurnipseedTravel.com
Crock Pot Apple Butter
I just woke up to see a great travel deal in my Instagram feed and had to share it! This almost makes me want to fly home to the island of Molokai, Hawaii just to get in on it. Almost.  - See more at: http://www.driftersblog.com/#sthash.DKWq8jZN.dpuf
29 recipes for your slow cooker this holiday season
Life on the Road: a Teen's Perspective- an interview with a homeschooled, full-time RV traveling teen. #RV
Slow Cooker Buffalo Chicken | www.diethood.com | Slow cooked, spicy and delicious Buffalo Chicken drumsticks. | #recipe #chicken #slowcooker #crockpot
Cheat cushion slip covers
Superbowl Taco Dip perfect for any party.  My kids ask for this for dinner on a regular basis.  From Tips From a Typical Mom.
Where to buy knit fabric online
10 Must Have Baby Gifts On a Budget - Jenn's RAQ
Girls Reversible skirt Refashion from the amazing Meg @Brassyapple.com
The perfect small town restaurant - The Combine Norfolk County Simcoe Ontario TurnipseedTravel.com
Parmesan Tortellini Bites - Crisp, crunchy, parmesan-loaded tortellini bites - so good, you won't be able to stop eating these!
Pinterest $500 Cash Giveaway
A delicious and easy recipe for the perfect skinny fries!
The Sacrament Prayer(s): A comparison of the blessings on the bread and water.
Emma Roberts Photos - "4.3.2.1." Premiere in Leicester Square - Zimbio
stila - Stay All Day® 10-In-One HD Illuminating Beauty Balm With Broad Spectrum SPF 30 #sephora
Cinnamon Apple Pumpkin Bread Recipe
you can have the kids collect pinecones and add dollar store berrys to a wire wreath frame..probably under $5.. love this!
Scripture Kickball from Let's Get Together - great last #youthactivity or #fhe before summer ends! #lds www.lets-get-together.com
Do you love the look of barn doors but not the price tag? We've got a DIY Barn Door and DIY Barn Door Track tutorial - that won't break the bank!
Tv Stand Southern Enterprises White
Time worn vintage canning books |3 FREE printables and a vignette
25 Short Hairstyles That'll Make You Want to Cut Your Hair
salt dough Christmas ornaments
(10) Tumblr
Vintage Whites Blog
Gluten Free Won Ton Wrappers
<em> Post contains affiliates </em>  <strong> Weight Watchers Peanut Butter Whip Frozen Treats! 1 Point!! </strong>      I found this recipe for <em class=short_underline> Weight Watchers Peanut Butter/Cool Whip Treat </em> while reading the blog Stockpiling Moms. I thought it sounded delicious, plus super easy, so I decided to give them a try. Since our first few attempts at this recipe we have perfected it and updated the photos. Huge difference! Of c...
Easy Pot Roast Crock Pot Recipe
Chocolate Covered Strawberry Christmas Trees
Baked Spaghetti and Meatballs - Traditional spaghetti and meatballs is turned into the most amazing baked cheesy casserole ever! A family favorite for sure!
Super Creamy 7 Ingredient Vegan Cheesecake Bites! #vegan #glutenfree
brown-bread-sweet-molasses-steakhouse-outback-copycat-recipe-dinner-rolls
How to white wash a terra cotta pot | Summer front porch decor
Coconut Oil Chocolate Chip Cookies | the BEST chocolate chip cookies I've ever had! #SundaySupper
Moroccan Kefta and Eggs Tagine
A simple DIY project. Easy and foolproof steps on how to paint furniture. Check out how I turned an old dresser, into a beautiful piece of furniture.
Breakfast Cupcakes Recipe
Simple and fuss free Summer living - Summer home tour with TIDBITS.
Our Down-Home Cheesy Bacon Chicken is skillet simple and ready in less than half an hour. You'll love it, your family will love it—it's a win-win.
Bourbon Brown Sugar Maple Bacon Man Candy IV, candied bacon, , Man Candy, Sweet Bacon, appetizers, snacks, football foods, buffet snacks, epicurious
Sauté cabbage
Homemade Vanilla Pudding Recipe
AMAZING casserole! My husband asked me for more before his serving was gone!
Fall Printable Watercolor Tags + Tons of FREE Fall Printables from your favorite…
Raspberry Cream Cheese Sweet Rolls l
With perfect hint of lemon, garlic, and spices, this Greek Vinaigrette will make you want to eat more salad | littlebroken.com @littlebroken
Cottage Bathroom makeover by TIDBITS. A dull and dingy bathroom gets a complete gut job and charming makeover.
Pumpkin Pie Spiced Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
Pumpkin Spice Cookies with Cinnamon Cream Cheese Frosting are the perfect Fall Cookies and a wonderful choice for a Christmas Cookie Exchange. This cookie tastes just like Pumpkin Pie which makes it a great Thanksgiving Dessert idea. And with the delicious frosting they will look beautiful on your Christmas Dessert Table. Pin this delicious cookie for later and follow us for more great Christmas Food ideas.
Amish Sugar Cookies Recipe -These easy-to-make cookies simply melt in your mouth! I've passed the recipe around to many friends. After I gave the recipe to my sister, she entered the cookies in a local fair and won the "best of show" prize! —Sylvia Ford, Kennett, Missouri
I cooked my first real meal yesterday but I needed a little help. Everyone chipped in because I was actually getting a bit wiped out while running around in the kitchen. Bill and Natalie were champs!! 🙂 Liam… played on his iPad. He had THINGS to do. hahahha Anyway – here is the recipe. ONE MISTAKE I HAVE TO NOTE: I used bone-in chicken. HORRIBLE mistake. It all separated and I had to pull the bones out before I served to the family. Learn from my mistake. All in – the entire meal too...
Christmas Tree Peanut Butter Blossoms | JavaCupcake.com
Maple Coconut Apple Butter Recipe | FamilyFreshCooking.com © MarlaMeridith.com
7 secrets of couponing
Banana Curry Ice Cream - Scoop Adventures - Scoop Adventures
Pancakes for One | Top With Cinnamon
Panelle ~ Chickpea Fries by Bittman
contigo austin
How to dice an #onion. #Cooking101 #food
Roasted Acorn Squash, Apples, Quinoa, Kale + Tahini Maple Dressing. Vegan.
Parmesan-Roasted Potatoes Recipe | http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/Parmesan-Roasted-Potatoes-51214520
Summer Mango Coconut Porridge — a Better Happier St. Sebastian
crème fraîche, cornmeal, & pumpkin coffee cake + pepita streusel by Beth Kirby | {local milk}, via Flickr
warm kale & purple cauliflower with griddled polenta // cooking for one
Easy Homemade Churros!
MAKE SURE your tape is FIRMLY on the canvas - We did 2 even coats, 20 minutes apart. Let dry for 48 hours before removing the tape. Happy crafting!
awesome shower
Z a'atar-Crusted Chicken Schnitzel Recipe
Lemon Bluberry Coffee Cake
1970s.
Lemon-Cream Cheese Pie
Basil and Parsley Omelette Recipe
Ombre Kitchen Wall Art - made with 10 X 10 canvases
Caramel & Coconut Cream Bread Pudding
Pumpkin & Chai Cookies
Cómoda para bebé Saint Boulard. La belleza del pueblo de Pulgarcito representada en esta encantadora cómoda para bebé diseñada en madera lacada en blanco dotada de 3 cajones con guías metálicas. www.woodsson.com
Luxury Master Bedroom
Woodsson Blog. Relojes de madera inspirados por la naturaleza #decoracion #decor #wood #watches #interiordesign
Windows, Beach Style Bathroom With Captivating Window Covering Ideas Made From Bamboo Material Also White Modern Bathtub Design Also Rustic Wooden Bathroom Stool Also Modern Bathroom Vanity Design With White Color: Beautiful Window Covering Ideas for Some Rooms
Roasted Sausage with Broccoli and Fennel
Savory Spaghetti Squash Cakes with Poached Eggs & Harissa {Gluten-Free} | from the Smitten with Squash cookbook
Secret Ingredient Pepperoni Pizza Casserole is a delicious gluten free casserole recipe that is great for dinner and is super kid friendly.
leftover turkey spinach tortellini soup
mustard and fennel seed crispy baked cauliflower with radishes and fresh dill
Almond chocolate thumbprint cookies
I've been seeing this make the rounds on all the normal internet avenues. Who knows if it's true. I don't really care either way. The sentiment, however, is truer than true. It's fatherhood, itself. You don't have to be a 6'3" ex-navy seal to demonstrate masculinity. Embarrassment comes... #photo
White Chicken Chili Skillet Dip | gluten-free, uses rotisserie chicken for quick prep!
Concrete and Picket Modern Fence Design : Exiting Contemporary Exterior With Wooden Modern Fence Also Cool Green Field Also Contemporary House Design With Modern Glass Windows And Gray Bricks Wall Also Small Modern Concrete Steps
, Appealing Transitional Kitchen Remodel Pictures Also Multi Function Kitchen Drawers Under The Modern Oven And White Kitchen Drawers And Cool Brown Laminate Floor: Kitchen Remodel Before and After Should Be More Beautiful
Chocolate Frosted Lemon Cupcakes are so inviting with a chocolaty top and the cupcakes have just a hint of lemon. Two favorite dessert flavors all in one.
Cannoli Crepes - Delicious!
, Captivating Contemporary Attached Garage Plans With White Garage Door Color Also Modern Exterior Wall Lights Also Wooden Gate With Lattice: Attached Garage Plans for Home Design
Coconut Butter Stuffed Dates ~ best 2 ingredient treat | AIP, Paleo
Peanut Butter Compost Cookies - With pecans, chocolate chips, coconut, and crushed Chex {naturally gluten-free}.
carrot pasta
, Amusing Traditional Living Room With Comely Burlap Curtain Ideas Also Cool White Armchairs Also Asparagus Wall Color And Unique Chandelier Design With Birds Ornament Also Comely White Floor Lamp: Interesting Ideas for Vintage Burlap Window Treatments
Parsnip and Pear Soup / AIP
Vegan Gluten Free Strawberry Rhubarb Cobbler via @lindseyjohnson
Blueberry Lemon and Quinoa slice
Boozy Salted Caramel Shake from @creativculinary
snickerdoodle almond butter
The yummiest Peach Crisp, made with fresh juicy peaches and a brown sugar/oat crumble topping. Recipe from TastesBetterFromScratch.com
The BEST Healthy Greek Yogurt Pumpkin Bread
Maple Butternut Squash Panna Cotta {fall/winter recipe}
Find Out About Photos of Wood Decks: Transitional Deck With Fabulous Photos Of Wood Decks Also Cool Outdoor Furniture Set ~ kitchentablecomics.com Exterior Ideas Inspiration
Get them eating Kale in unique ways!  Kale Chicken Nuggets
Snickers Dip via @PureWow
30 Fall Outfits to Copy ASAP | StyleCaster
Kitty cuddles.
Creamy Butternut Squash Pasta Recipe on twopeasandthierpod.com
Harvest Fruit, Goat Cheese & Pecan Crostinis - Krafted Koch - A fantastic appetizer recipe for the holidays!
How To Make Homemade Hot Cocoa / Hot Chocolate
2015 Color of the Year 2015 for Farrow and Ball - Light Blue! So pretty! www.settingforfour.com
Spicy Korean Chicken Stew, Dakdoritang
Serve something new (and super impressive) to your holiday guests. Seared Duck Breast with Red Wine and Berry Sauce
Limoncello Sorbet
Almond Maraschino Cherry Cupcakes
Pastelillos+de+Carne
Maple Apple Glazed Pork and Leek Burgers
Slow Cooker Enchilada Orzo - The easiest, creamiest enchilada pasta ever. Even the pasta gets cooked right in the crockpot!
Toasted Cashew Candy Bars
Banana Oat Greek Yogurt Muffins -- no flour, no oil, and 100% ridiculously delicious! || runningwithspoons.com
Frozen Blackberry Coolers
Don’t Throw Away Your Citrus Rinds – Dry and Save Them For Recipes That Call for Zest | Cupcake Project
Think you don't like cabbage? I promise you'll change your mind if you take a few minutes to make this yummy roasted cabbage with onion dijon sauce (hint: it's great without the sauce, too!)
Medallion 100 Percent Cotton 2-Piece Rug Set - Walmart.com
Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cheesecake Bars | Can't Stay Out of the Kitchen | these sensational #brownies combine the best of #chocolatechip #cookies with a luscious #cheesecake layer. We absolutely devoured them! #dessert #chocolate
Chicken Club Ranch Pasta Salad! Chicken, bacon, avocado, cheddar... this pasta salad is loaded with the yummiest club toppings!
breakfast friday | oatmeal pumpkin cookie bake for two — Edible Perspective
Roasted Acorn Squash and Apples with Quinoa, Kale, and Tahini Maple Dressing | edible perspective
Mason Jar Chandelier-12
Sesame Curry Cashews + how to video
Pineapple Salsa Recipe
No Bake Peanut Butter Cup Pie - an easy no bake pie that is like a giant homemade peanut butter cup!
Check out this list of the top 10 things to do in LA for your next California vacations! Tips by Ashley Nicholas from Ashley Brooke.
Young At Heart Mommy: Mini Muesli Salted Caramel Apple Crisps
Make your own DIY calendar board for home preschool! It's super simple and your preschooler will love it!
These Glazed Apple Hand Pies are the perfect fall treat. And in only 30 minutes, you'll have one of these delicious baked treats in your hands!
French Vanilla Coffee Creamer, made at home using only 3 ingredients!
This Paleo Buffalo Chicken Casserole is packed with flavor for an easy weeknight dinner!
Black & White Cookies (Gluten, dairy, egg, soy, peanut and tree nut free…
Eggplant Lasagna Rollatini - Lexi's Clean Kitchen
Whipped Goat Cheese and Blueberry Balsamic Crostini | TheNoshery.com
Free Christmas Printables
Roasted Sweet Potatoes and Brussels Sprouts from The Food Charlatan
homemade pedialyte
Patriotic Washi Tape Manicure || #washi #washitape #nails #washitapenails #washinails #diy #tutorial
Making this right now:) Pairing it with leftover pulled pork.
Sick of all the blackheads? Well try these 6 great tips for clear skin!
Line those Arab eyes - Arabic pink purple makeup
Save Money on Back To School Supplies
How To Make A Candy Christmas Wreath
DIY: beauty mask made from flowers
TATCHA The Water Collection.  TATCHA just added two new items to their water collection, a serum and an eye mask.  Check it out.
IT Cosmetics IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU - My Newest Addiction Beauty Blog
I started doing this and will never stop! My tub & shower are always spotless-so simple. Simple shower and tub cleaner: fill wand half and half. Wet surface and scrub. (we also use dawn to get out oil stains in the laundry and to clean the pesky black stove top - works way better than everything else we've tried and leaves no streaks)
Our family’s favorite! Looking for an easy and inexpensive cookie for your kids? You can make these No Bake Fudge Cookies in less than 10 minutes. Click here to get this yummy #recipe http://www.livingonadime.com/no-bake-fudge-cookies-recipe/.
Abundant Harvest Centerpiece
mommo design: DIY TOYS - shoe box garage.Great way to introduce and reinforce number recognition through play!
Pretty window surround
Cranberry Jalapeno Cream Cheese Dip
How to Butcher a Whole Chicken #tips @Just a Taste | Kelly Senyei @KitchenAid
roll of coins stocking stuffer...cute idea!!
Use magnetic strips to organize your bobbins.
Day 25 of 31 Days of Simple Self-Sufficiency is all about making candles with stuff you have in your pantry.
Day 21 of 31 Days of Simple Self-Sufficiency is all about learning to make pantry meals.
When it comes to organizing, the first question I am always asked is, “Where do I begin?” followed by, “How do I do it?”This will answer both of those questions and you can start getting organized today! Click here for these easy organizing tips! http://www.livingonadime.com/start-organizing/
Want to become a stay-at-home mom but aren't sure how to? I'm spilling all the details of how I stay home with my boys on an income less than $58K a year.
Must Reads For: WAHMs, Financial Peace, Time Management, and  Finding Your Purpose
Need a 2015 Planner but don't have room in the budget? This 67 page free planner is easy-to-use and will help you organize your hectic schedule along with your yearly goals.
the best black liners
Looking for a list of DIY holiday gifts that you can actually make? Well, here it is! 100 options to choose from.
If you live in the United Kingdom and are trying to find a job that will allow you to make money from home then check out this awesome classified ads site. Gumtree work from home jobs is a simple place to start seeking a job that will allow you to work in the comfort of your home.
Reindeer Poop Christmas Craft :: Includes FREE Printable .... Kids will get a kick out of this!
One trip to the Dollar Store = my Linen Organization Crisis solved! Such a simple and inexpensive tip, I don't know why I never thought of it before.
Easy Nail Art for Beginners Abstract Nails
Decluttering Your Home Room By Room - Save $100's by using things you didn't know you had!
The McClanahan's are debt free and live in a paid for home! That led to the creative twist in their debt free story. They have been included in our New Year New You profiles because paying off $110,000 in debt is pretty cool too!
Do you ever feel overwhelmed after offering to make a meal for a friend? Here are a few simple ways to make it a blessing (to both of you!)
Make Your Own Jar Mixes
Two Healthy Kitchens creators, Shelley and Gretchen, are nutrition specialists who love a delicious, nutritious meal. They know how to get it done in a hurry. This podcast will help you succeed with the 30-day Meals @ Home Challenge.
photo brookecourtney_ryankaila-10.jpg
Need to save some money this year?  These 7 Guaranteed Ways to Save Money on Meat will be so helpful on your food budget and help with meal planning too!
How to Get Rid of that annoying "Oops!" Message on your new Keurig 2.0 Brewer
small bathroom realistic remodel. Love this for upstairs bathroom! @ Heavenly HomesHeavenly Homes
Doritos tex-mex chicken bake with Kikkoman; #easy #dinner #recipes
DIY Heart Cake ♥ Great for any occasion! Click here for more DIY inspiration!
Did you know that your smartphone can help you keep from spending money with that trick you've never heard of to keep from spending money?  It's simple, it's quick, and you NEED to know this!
We were afraid Republic Wireless was too good to be true, but we gave them a try.  They didn't disappoint! You really can have an awesome smartphone for just $10/ month with no contract!  Goodbye antique dumb phone!
Tired of overpaying for granite cleaner? Check out this easy DIY Granite Cleaner.
There are a ton of ways to make extra money online and offline these days. This post shares a list of 6 methods that I've used to make extra cash! Most are quick and easy!
Smoked sausage, potato, and cheese casserole--finally found the correct link.
Creating order in your kitchen will give you the ability to make memories in the kitchen with your family
If you want to save money on groceries, one of my favorite tips is to create an ongoing grocery list for all the items you're about to run out of.  Find out how…
I want to share a few concepts that I’ve learned (sometimes kicking and screaming) to help you avoid some of the headaches involved in learning to work with another person and your money. How not to fight over money!
I'm on a crusade to bring meatloaf back!  This Gourmet Meatloaf lives up to its name with every tender, juicy bite.  It is easy to prepare and bursting with flavor. Try my simple trick to keep it moist.  Kid friendly.
How to overcome an online shopping addiction when you don't even know that you have a problem? These four tips will help you stop spending and start saving.
Not all Sundays are created equal! Know when it's good to pick up that extra newspaper by knowing when the good coupon inserts are going to be there. Right here is everything you need in the 2015 Coupon Insert Schedule.
10 Ways to Save on Easter
Sometimes cars considered by others to be "crappy" may not be all that bad. There are excellent reasons to consider keeping your car as long as possible!
Make money online as a tutor, working your own flexible schedule.
Easter Tablescape and Decor
Keurig: All You Need To Know – Unique Uses, How to Clean, K-Cup Storage Ideas and K-Cup Brand Review!
My entire family makes fun of me but I love this so much! Garlic Rubbed Roasted Cabbage Steaks Recipe.
Welcome spring to your home with this adorable (and free!) spring has sprung printable! It's perfect for framing and is sure to brighten up any home!
Find out how to calculate your net worth, and most importantly, find out how to increase your net worth in 5 basic steps! Are you doing all that you can?
3 common money excuses many of us are guilty of making that aren't doing our finances any favors. Here's how to avoid making them!
See how to make Homemade Nesquik and how it will save you a lot of money by making it instead of buying it in the store.
Just 1 simple household ingredient needed to clean the hard water deposits and gunk off a chrome faucet.
Lips That Go Bloom | Burt's Bees #DelightUp #ad
I would rather live in a shack than a mansion on a hilltop. The creaky wooden floors would be filled with many hours of sweeping, baking, and children underfoot. The shack would be tiny, and only a few could fit; but it would be cozy, while the mansion would be cold and lonesome. The electric bill for the mansion would be enormous while the shack would be free.
Those who have made past financial mistakes may have unhealthy balance sheets for years to come. Find out how to prevent this from impacting self-esteem.
Super delicious Easy Cinnamon Sugar Doughnuts Recipe for everyone. You only need 3 ingredients.
Pink So Foxy: DIY Drawer Organizers. I need these for my bra/underwear/sock drawers! My husband has no idea what I'm talking about...lol
18 things you can do today to save money from how i pinch a penny.com
How to cut and cook a spaghetti squash in multiple ways - and a trick to get longer strands that might actually resemble spaghetti!
Do you want to earn money working from home as a ghostwriter? Here is a list of tips and resources for getting started. This is a wonderful, flexible way to earn an income at home.
If you can write a witty verse, clever pun or piece of touching prose, you could make money writing greeting card messages.
Depression Era Bread: inexpensive, delicious, easy! I sometimes turn this into “Recession Era Bread” by adding a melted stick of butter to the warm water.
Easy Chicken Tenders Recipe - Super simple and your family will LOVE THEM!
I really like this pair of chairs in front of the windows, angled enough so you can still see outside.
Try this Easy Lemon Bars Recipe. They are perfect for the holidays or during summer. Either way your family enjoy this dessert!
What is passive income? How is it different than active income? What types of income could be classified as "passive"? Find out answers to this and more!
These crockpot chicken tacos taste amazing! Plus they are so easy to make! http://eatingonadime.com/best-crockpot-chicken-tacos-3-ingredients/
Income Tax Information for the self employed
Christmas Jello with sweetened condensed milk
How To Save 50% Or More Of Your Income. Yes, it is possible to live on 50% of your income. Read here to find out today!  #moneytips http://www.makingsenseofcents.com/2014/07/how-to-save-50-or-more-of-your-income.html
Smothered chicken..this used to be my favorite dish at The Stein downtown, I'll have to see if this recipe does the trick.
How To Cut Cable - My Tips For Cutting Cable Today. According to NPD Group (a market research company), the average monthly cable bill in 2015 is expected to be $123. By the year 2020, the average cable bill is expected to be around $200 a month.
Before you grab your bags and sunscreen then hit the door, here are the 4 most common financial mistakes at the beach-- and how YOU can avoid them.
Organize your recipes with these cute printable recipe cards!
Inexpensive and simple beach bag made from a beach towel. Very easy to sew, great project for beginners!
Rocks, lights chairs ---know matter how small or big of your backyard is, theres always a way to make it amazing :)
This delightful raspberry cordial might be the most perfect use for raspberries ever invented.   Non-alcoholic, easy to make, and perfect for any occasion.  Why not serve it for Valentine's Day?
How many hoarding tendencies do you have? If you might be a hoarder, here is some advice.....
Frugal Shopping Tips for Healthy Eaters
13 Ways to make Meatloaf that you family will love! Click here to get these yummy recipes http://www.livingonadime.com/meatloaf-meatballs-recipes/
Save Money and Keep Your Kitchen Cool with These 7 Meal Ideas for "Leftover" Grilled Chicken
My kids LOVE these bread sticks - so excited that I can make them at home!!
tie bag - Think I am going to have to try one of these when I get some of my other projects done.
Easy Pizza Dough Recipe | Make Your Own Pizza Crust
Don't want to coupon but still want to save money on groceries? No problem! You can use your cell phone to save money. Here are the 6 TOP Money Saving Apps that will save you money at the grocery store.
Children's Clothing List: How Much Clothes Do Your Kids Actually Need? It's much less than you think. -- Pare down their wardrobe to a basic one. Inventory what they will need for the next size up, and create a shopping list to review each time you see a clearance rack in the clothes department. Why pay $20 for a pair of jeans when you can pay $5 or under?
Stop Eating Your Way Into Debt! Save Money On Your Food Bill!
A classic rustic galette recipe using summer's finest juicy fruits - basically like a free-form pie. It's so simple to make!
Wondering how to increase your net worth? Find out one easy way to increase your net worth automatically! Reduce stress- it's easier than you think.
Looking for a Movie Deal for the summer!? Head over to the blog to save $10 off your movie tickets! http://couponcravings.com/save-10-off-fandango-movie-tickets/
Quick and easy, this Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole Recipe is perfect for when you need an easy meal that fits your budget! Freezer cooking friendly too!
Five minute sautéed asparagus and mushrooms make an easy spring side dish. Simple enough for every day, fancy enough for a special meal, mushrooms optional.  I included easy directions to prepare the asparagus for cooking.
Pizza night gets healthier when you add whole wheat crust, avocado, minced garlic and freshly shredded cheese.
Want to take a vacation on a budget?  Try this Travel Hack: Buy Timeshares off Craigslist! http://www.retiredby40blog.com/2015/03/30/travel-hack-timeshares-cheap/
Quick and Easy Southwest Skillet with Cilantro and Avocado Cream
Earn extra cash in your spare time.
Homemade Barbecue Spice Rub Recipe - Homemade Seasonings Mixes And Blends
Woah! That's a lot! I can't believe that so many small changes added up to such a huge number in the end! I can do these! I love how the calculations are included so you don't have to do the math yourself.
How to care for your Converse sneakers. Great fashion tip and perfect with every outfit including jeans.
Save money and make your own butter. It only takes one ingredient and a few minutes. The kids will love helping out with this fun activity.
Feeling overwhelmed by your closet lately? Help yourself simplify by taking the "Year of No Clothes" Challenge! Alter your mindset about possessions and learn to genuinely appreciate the items you already own instead of always being in pursuit of more.
Cinnamon scented pinecones are the definition of fall decor! It's so easy to make it yourself and it makes your entire home smell amazing.
Three Bean Salad With Olive Oil Dressing - We’ve been making this for as long as I can remember, and it’s one of my husband’s favorites. It's so easy and SO good for you! #beans #salads #sides - http://www.savingeveryday.net/2014/01/three-bean-salad-olive-oil-dressing/
Free Home School Science Resources {Homeschooling Resources, Frugal Homeschooling, Free Homeschool Resources, Online Homeschooling, Homeschool}
How to Get the Best Deal when Shopping Online - The Frugal Navy Wife
A delicious, all-nature homemade ketchup recipe using ingredients you probably already have in your pantry! http://www.savingeveryday.net/homemade-ketchup-recipe/
Honey Cornbread Cakes(aka the best cornbread ever)
Money is one of the most fought-over issues between spouses. This post shares 5 reasons why combining finances can improve your marriage!
Repurpose old doors for a neat retreat
Making this tonight!!!! Yummmy! Beef Tips - I tried these, they are very good. I put them in a crock pot though
3 Shocking Wedding Things to Budget For http://moneypropeller.com/3-shocking-wedding-budget-line-items/
Will maxing out your TFSA make you a millionaire?  Find out now! http://moneypropeller.com/what-happens-to-your-future-self-when-you-max-out-your-tfsa/
How to Can Mandarin Oranges - Julia LOVES Mandarin oranges!  I wonder if these would be as good as the fruit cups I put in her lunch?
List of free summer reading programs for kids; national listing + Philadelphia area highlights.
Save Money On Liquid Dish Soap - YouTube
You actually can spend less eating out for the week than you would spend to eat at home thanks to these menu items at national restaurants. Great resource guide.
Crafting can be a lot fun but also pretty expensive. Even small supplies can add up quickly! Here are some fantastic ways to save BIG when shopping for craft supplies in store OR online! Make your creative budget go farther and use these frugal ideas to stretch that dollar!  sunshineandhurricanes.com
Retirement isn't as far away as you think. Take a closer look at your options, how much you should be saving and how to get started.
Try these 3 easy and delicious homemade soup recipes! Use leftovers and get meals on the table fast and so wonderful when it’s cold! Click here to these easy soup #recipes http://www.livingonadime.com/homemade-soup-recipes/
garden terrace army crate makeover-3-bewerkt
This easy coffee cake recipe is the best coffee cake recipe you'll have . . . . it really is such an easy breakfast. Although it's great out of the oven (the top is crumbly and a bit crunchy) it's perfect the next day, too! The easy breakfast recipes that are also cake mix recipes are so good and this one is no exception. Great to add to your list of brunch recipes and brunch ideas.
If you're wanting to buy a house there are programs in place to help you if you're a single parent. Here's a list of home buyers programs for single mothers you should check out. http://singlemomsincome.com/home-buyers-programs-for-single-mothers/
Is The Cash Envelope System For You? Read why the cash envelope system works for everyone when you leave the excuses behind.
Nutella Cool Whip Dip
My ridiculously easy Southwestern Coleslaw is both sweet and tangy. I use an oil and vinegar dressing with lime juice and coconut sugar. This gives it a summer-perfect light flavor. cole slaw | recipes
Stop Using These Common Excuses For Not Saving Money. I believe that more people should think positively about saving money. Saving money can help you stop living paycheck to paycheck, it can help you pay off your debt, it can help you prepare for retirement, and so on.
Why I REFUSE To Buy My Kids School Clothes! Back To School Supplies Spending
The VERY Best Sugar Cookies Recipe! - 10 Easy Valentine's Day Candy and Treats Recipes
Bacon and pickles? What more could a foodie want? If you're looking for appetizers for a party or appetizers for a crowd, this will be a hit. Serve this dip with {read more}
15 Minute Breakfast Pizza: Cheap, Easy, and Delicious. @ The Busy Budgeter
It's easy to feel burnt out if you don't make time to pamper yourself a bit. Here are 7 inexpensive ways to add a little luxury to your day today!
Is there anything better than apple season?  This dutch apple pie recipe is so easy to make and will fill your house with the most delicious smells!
How to Hand Wash Dishes
Crockpot Spaghetti Squash - How to Cook Spaghetti Squash in the Crockpot - FamilyFreshMeals.com -
Nutella Chocolate Milkshakes! 3 cups vanilla ice-cream 1/2 cup Nutella plus extra for dunking the tops of bottles into. 1 cup full-cream or low-fat milk
homework: creative inspiration for home and life: Sew and Tell: diy fabric eyeglass case {no sew}
Suffering from seasonal allergies and looking for some remedies? Here are some Cheap and Natural Remedies for Seasonal Allergies that won't break the bank!
This is what started the 52 week savings challenge phenomenon. Here are 3 spreadsheets for you to choose your method of savings and keep track of it.
How to Prepare a Person Financial Inventory
10 Tips For Frugal Fun For Boys
Chrisallen bravebusinesscards
Dollar Store DIY: Creepy Candy Corn Frame via BargainBriana.com
Toilet Paper Roll Candles Directions
Drunken Pumpkin Latte
Want a bite of my Salted Caramel Chocolate Chunk Brownies?  http://freebies4mom.com/scbrownies {sponsored}  made with @Pillsbury #PurelySimple Brownie Mix
Raising financially confident kids can be difficult in today's culture of instant gratification. Discover keys for helping children become money savvy!
Nichole from budgetlovingmilitarywife.com shares the unique challenges military families face when dumping debt. This New Year New You profile provides a behind the scenes look at managing money in the military.
How To Become A Digital Nomad  & Work Remotely. Many of you seem to be interested in possibly living the location independent lifestyle as well. I know it’s a dream for many, but there are things to think about. Being location independent still means that you have to work and earn money!
A cheap basket, a little paint and some burlap ribbon make this adorable!
Mummy Pizza Recipe - 20 Homemade Halloween Recipes
Halloween Hot Dog Worms Recipe - 20 Homemade Halloween Recipes
I started selling on Etsy two years ago. It brings me a steady side income each month. Check out my tips for selling on Etsy!
Babies are adorable, but they can be awfully expensive! Check out these tips for frugal ways to prepare for baby. Babies don't have to break the bank!
Top 10 Most Colorful Winter Landscape Plants
32 Slow Cooker Recipes!
This easy banana split recipe has a different twist your family will love! Click here for Grilled Banana Sundaes #recipe http://www.livingonadime.com/grilled-banana-sundaes-bananadullas-recipes/
Timeshare owners seeking relief from an unwanted timeshare will find this podcast helpful. Avoid scams, find how to price your timeshare for a sale, and learn how to use timeshares without the long term commitment.
Simple Ways to Improve Your Health at No Cost  There are so much supplements ads...Ironically; the best ways to improve your health are actually free. Just follow at least one of these healthy tips daily and you will be amazed.
Winter can be awfully cold and heating bills get expensive! There is an alternative to crazy winter heat bills. Check out these frugal ways to stay warm!
Inexpensive Homemade Bathroom Cleaner- a cleaner that you can feel good about using around your children! Plus it's super simple to make!
The 25 Best Things To Do For Under 15 Dollars... in the fall!  Great list! so many unique things, I was expecting a lot of the same things I've read in others but there are a ton of smart ideas here. We re going to do a few around halloween and thanksgiving.
DIY Life Planner for less than $5! Sections on meal planning, budgeting, health and fitness, home organization, work/blogging, goal planning, stockroom inventory, dry erase daily routines, and wishlists.
Money tips I wish I learned muchhh sooner http://youngyetwise.com/money-tips/
Homemade Pumpkin Roll -- simple to make, and filled with a delicious cream cheese icing | gimmesomeoven.com #dessert
21 gifts parents can make for kids. I want to remember this blog as well for furture crafty references.
Jalapeno fudge! Just three ingredients, jalapeno peppers, eggs and shredded cheese~practically zero carbs. EVERYONE in my family loves it!
Instead of pumpkin pie this season, try my pumpkin streusel bars. With a gingersnap crust and brown sugar streusel topping, everyone will want seconds!
When we walk into the grocery store these days, we're hit by Grocery Sticker Shock! It's hard to believe how expensive things are getting. What grocery item price has left you with sticker shock?
Finance ill
buffalochicken 020
Tips for having a successful yard sale #cash #tips #extramoney
Educate yourself about student loans before considering college or grad school! Discover 6 things I wish I'd known before getting student loans.
Beauty Uses For Honey! Think you know all the ways to use honey? Think again! Save money with honey! :) Check out these easy DIY budget saving beauty uses for honey!
15 great ideas for organizing that are inexpensive and stylish. Great inspiration!
Financial struggles? Here are 8 things people with financial struggles shouldn't waste their money this holiday season. Do you agree?
LaTisha Styles has decided to drop some knowledge off to Young Yet Wise.  Who is this wonderful woman, and how did she eliminate 22,000 of credit card debt?! http://youngyetwise.com/how-she-paid-off-22000-of-credit-card-debt/
Learn a trick to more quickly and easily clean your blinds!
As the weather gets colder protect you and your family with a vehicle emergency kit. They are easy to make and don't cost a lot of money. Make one today before the weather turns bad.
Surprise! Cream Filled Chocolate Chip Cookies Dessert Recipe with Buttercream Icing Inside
15 Minute Breakfast Pizza. This was so good! We've had it 3 weeks in a row! Even my husband loves it! It's crazy easy to make!
11 fabulous homework stations and study areas - Craving some Creativity
There are probably money lessons you didn't learn growing up that you wish you had. Learn which ones you missed out on so you can actually achieve financial success.
The perfect basic pie crust recipe makes any pie better - more magical even.   Growing up, I watched my Mother and Grandmothers quickly make pie crusts as if it were nothing in the world. However, when I first started baking my own pies, their knack for effortless pie crust escaped me. Well, that
Fall is the perfect time to spend time outdoors with your family, but without spending a ton of money. Here are 5 frugal activities you can do with your family in the fall. #Fall #Frugal
Roasted Herb Potatoes with Garlic Cumin Aioli are crunchy and creamy and served with a simple, garlic and cumin loaded aioli!
50 awesomely affordable toy suggestions for kids who have autism, intellectual disability or other developmental delays. List was put together by a Special Education Teacher and BSC/BCBA.
Creative consequences for kids...ideas from the experts and the trenches. Never again find yourself disappointed with the age-old "time-out."
burlap wreath tutorial
Christmas Pudding, Plum Pudding or Figgy pudding made simply in the crock pot!  Tiny Tim would have loved this rich fruity pudding smothered in creamy hard sauce.
Add some FUN to the menu this week and create these hearty burger sliders alongside a topping bar! Make an Italian, Smokehouse, Mexican or American burger using unique toppings. Easy and fast, these sliders are great for tailgates, parties, family dinner, or watching the big game with friends! #GameTimeClean #ad
Learn how my husband spends 20 minutes each quarter and saves us $55 a year per vehicle!
We all could use some extra cash, right? Find out how one side hustler started a Craigslist business as a fast and easy way to help pay down her debt.  She had no special skills, just a will to succeed.  Literally, anyone can do this!
Cities
Easy 2 Ingredient Coconut Macaroons Recipe - Super Simple 2 Ingredient Recipes
Try this easy dinner recipe for Freezer Chicken and Rice Casserole that makes four meals at once on gracefullittlehoneybee.com
Citrus Tea Recipe - 13 Homemade Flavored Tea Recipes
This Sparkling Lemon Drop Martini is much more than a shake and a stir! Fresh lemon juice, vodka and topped with sparkling water make this drink tart, sweet and easy to drink!
It's possible to work at home for five different legit companies as a search engine evaluator. The pay is usually good and the work is flexible. This post explains more about what the job involves and which companies normally have openings.
These crunchy Bacon Snow Peas are always loved around the dinner table.  Who knew eating your vegetables could be so darn delicious?  There is just enough bacon for flavor but not so much that it becomes an unhealthy side dish.
Learn how to organize your finances physically and electronically | Financegirl
Want to save more money without using coupons? Check out these tips of how to cut your grocery bill without using coupons.
Easy Homemade Apple Cheddar Dog Biscuits Recipe! Your dogs will go WILD for these homemade dog treats, especially with our special SECRET ingredient! Stop wasting money on dog treats & make these Simple Dog Biscuits at home! Check it out here!
A brand new way to meal plan that is easy and fun and takes the stress out of getting dinner on the table each night. 4 WEEKS of family friendly meals plans with PRINTABLE SHOPPING LISTS for each week. A visual way to get organized and get everyone fed! Pinterest Meal Planning an Introduction. SunshineandHurricanes.com.
Thanksgiving turkey healthy finger foods.
Cute Christmas Soap Gift with free printable tags - { lilluna.com }
Great advice. Number 5 is especially helpful! #LiveLikeYouAreRich
When Money Is Tight - Tips for Living on Next to Nothing | When money is tight, you need to get really creative. Here are some useful tips for when you're down on your luck and need to live on next to nothing. #LivingOnNextToNothing #FrugalLivingTips - Smart Money, Simple Life
How to start a budget... When you suck at budgeting. This was so perfect for me! I get so overwhelmed with a budget. Stuff always comes up last minute and we go over it every time. This answered so many of my questions. Loved it!
This Baked Margarita Spaghetti Squash is not only extremely healthy, it’s gluten free as well! Try it with some baked or grilled chicken for a fabulous meal choice!
How To Dye Easter Eggs - Homemade Easter Egg Dyes
Mini Shepherds Pie | Great way to mix up a family favorite
A simple idea becomes quite elegant with a beautiful bow.
Mailbox planter
10 Under-Used Trees and Shrubs For the Fruitful Edible Yard. As the movement toward local, sustainable food grows across the nation and around the world, more people are recognizing that our own yards offer plenty of opportunity for growing our own. Edible landscaping is the perfect complement to a vegetable garden. #gardengrowingtips
Do you absolutely love Disney World and know everything about it? if so, you could possibly get a job working at home as a Disney vacation planner. I went to Disney with my family last year and we worked with a great planner who let me know she works at home -- so I interviewed her about what she does here.
Time to think about some Financial Tips to Start the Year.  Are you on budget?
Looking for a lightened-up dinner that will feed the whole family? Make this protein-packed (and veggie-packed!) chicken parmesan quinoa bake in just 60-minutes!
Peanut Butter Mug Cake (Eggless) | Kirbie's Cravings | A San Diego food blog
12 Easy Easy 2 Ingredient Homemade Ice Cream Recipess
Salted Caramel Cookie Cups Recipe
Crock Pot Chicken, Gravy and Stuffing - this was  yummy and so simple.
Copycat Panera Bread Creamy Tomato Bisque Soup Recipe
How to Etch Glass | Diva of DIY, Leanne Lee
Cheesy Baked Egg Toast
Chicken Tostadas Recipe : Food Network Kitchen. These were yummy and fresh tasting. I've also used the chicken part of the recipe and make soft tacos out of them with some fresh pico de gallo. So yummy!!
When kids are sick, the BRATY diet is often the norm. But why feed them highly processed junk when you can feed them nourishing foods to help to soothe and heal?
10 easy ways: How teens can make money with little to no start-up costs
Snowman Wreath by AdornYourDoorAndMore on Etsy, $50.00
Recycle your old t-shirts into yarn! You can use t-shirt yarn to make jewelry, rugs, bags, coasters and lots more!
Peach Raspberry Superfood Smoothie 162 calories and 4 weight watchers points plus for a 3 cup serving
Sour Cream Enchiladas Recipe
Check out this list of extremely frugal recipes to make when you're broke.
Day 3 of 31 Days of Simple Self-Sufficiency is all about growing things.
Easy 2 Ingredient Kiwi Popsicles Recipe - 15 Super Easy Homemade Popsicle Recipes
... as laundry storage.
Red Velvet Cheesecake Brownies #recipe on justataste.com
No budget? Here's a crash course in budgeting for all the people who have been staring at the spreadsheet, feeling like an idiot. All that changes today! It's time to get smart about your money.
I’ve only owned three cars in my life. An Acura Integra, a Toyota Celica, and a Toyota Venza. For two of those vehicles, both of which I bought used, I never had comprehensive coverage. Comprehensive coverage is insurance that protects your car against damage that is not related to a collision. If your car gets …
Stuck inside this winter? Turn off the screens and bring the family together. Here are 9 Fun Family Indoor Activities when the weather outside is frightful. #TryItHot #TruMoo #ad @TruMooMilk
Attic Storage great idea!
Watermelon sticks, perfect for little hands.  A finger food perfect for picnics or potlucks!
German Chocolate Cake Cookie
"cement" for gingerbread houses       2 c. Confectioner’s sugar      1 egg white      ¼ t. cream of tartar
Hearty Slow Cooker Beef Stew Recipe - If you're looking for an easy dinner idea, this is it! This delicious stew is easy to put together, warm and filling and is a great budget friendly dinner recipe! Be sure to add it to your menu plan soon!
I like that the bottom bed's mattress is on the floor 1) easier/less expensive to build; and 2) lower height for top bunk.
8 steps to turning a beginner blog into a successful business | Financegirl
Homemade Popcorn Balls Recipe
While it may look like everyone around you is living the good life and enjoying lots of money, this may not actually be true. Here are 8 important reasons to live beneath your means. Get these tips and motivation to pursue a simpler, more frugal lifestyle.
The simple secret to never getting behind on laundry again.  What the... I'm floored. I tried this thinking it was silly and I went from having a hallway full of dirty clothes to just the next days laundry basket. It seems backwards to me, but if it works, it works!
Even if you've never made yeast bread before you can make this big, soft, billowy loaves of honey buttermilk bread from RestlessChipotle.com
place stickered letters on wooden sign, paint, then peel off stickers. much easier than handwriting! This tip is worth millions!!  Love it!
Cupcake Wrappers
Silicone pot holders cut down for hem guides. SEW smart!
Roasted Cauliflower White Cheddar Soup - this soup is AMAZING! So full of delicious flavors. @cookingclassy
Idea for living room, add a bench along the wall and move sofa table back behind the couch
Easy Spiced Nuts Recipe
Have A Gooed Valentines Day Gift
3-Ingredient S’mores Cookie Bites. For parties, snacking, or even just a fun project with the kids or friends, these simple s’mores bites totally hit the spot.
Christmas shaped pancake molds. EASY Christmas breakfast idea! We usually have a big breakfast Christmas morning, going to try this for the kids
Zero
How to help your adult child with money
Homemade Butterscotch Muffins Recipe
Apple sandwich. Very cute idea for celebrating Valentine's Day with the kids. Change cookie cutters to customize for any holiday: shamrock for St. Patrick's Day, star for Fourth of July, pumpkin for Halloween or Thanksgiving, tons of possibilities for Christmas!
Raspberry Sorbet Punch Recipe ~ just 2 ingredients and 5 minutes... it doesn't have to be raspberry. You could do orange, lime, etc. Just choose your favorite flavor!
Buffalo Chicken Soup (Low Carb) Recipe ~ it’s crazy delicious.
This is the easiest way to fold a fitted sheet. Almost 9,000,000  views on Youtube!!!!!!  People can't believe it's so easy!
Unstuffed Peppers are so good you're kids will eat their vegetables and ask for more!
Hairstyle for Halloween with this easy peasy pumpkin bun
Brown Sugar Roasted Pineapple is a easy side dish with hints of butter and cinnamon.  I serve it all the time with ham but it is also great with BBQ pork, breakfast sausage or even over ice cream.  For all it's versatility it is crazy easy to make - you can have it in the oven in five minutes!  Easter Dinner anybody?
Homemade Granola is quick and easy to make and only $1,00. Click here from this #recipe from Dining On A Dime Cookbook. http://www.livingonadime.com/store/dining-on-a-dime-cookbook/ .
Spring Cleaning House And Mind - How To Get Motivated To Declutter
A step by step guide to planning your best year ever (including setting goals). | Financegirl
bean tunnel, veggie garden: fun way to structure  climbing vine vegetables.
Quick and Easy Homemade Chili Recipe - 10 Crockpot Recipes Under $5
25 Valentine’s Day Cake and Cupcake Recipes
With its thoughtfully designed, full-color pages, Marriage & Money guides you through the process of envisioning your truest goals and dreams, and then creating an action plan that will empower you to make those dreams happen. From there, you will build a budget that works for both partners and your dreams. #budget #budgeting #newyear #planner http://www.retiredby40blog.com/2015/12/27/introducing-marriage-money/
One Pan Mexican Quinoa - Wonderfully light, healthy and nutritious. And it's so easy to make - even the quinoa is cooked right in the pan!
Chicken Tetrazzini
Simple Ideas That Are Borderline Genius – 20 Pics ... love the shoe rack idea
Crusty French Bread Recipe - Better than anything store-bought. Crispy golden crust. Chewy soft center. Perfect for soup dunking or slathering with butter.
Moodboard Generator
How much can you declutter in 25 minutes? You'd be surprised at the progress you can make in a short amount of time. Check out the before and after pictures.
If you're shopping for a new washer and dryer or other appliances, use these money saving tips to get the best deal when you buy. We saved $673!
Starbucks Iced Cinnamon Dolce Latte {Copycat Recipe}
Happy day – I’m sharing the first spring craft of the year! It’s been an easy winter so far, but I am ready for spring. And nothing says spring like one of Rebekah Meier’s sweet little chicks. Her ...
Organizing the Cleaning Closet: I really like the hook rack idea to hang up the little dusters, brushes, brooms, etc. Cheaper than buying all those command strips and dealing with them not holding up.
Eating healthy organic food doesn't have to be expensive. These 12 ways to eat organic on a budget are a great way to eat healthier on a budget!
Homemade granola is a healthy alternative to sugary store bought granola.  Find out how to make it on a budget!  Kid-tested and husband-approved.  You'll never go back to buying granola again!
Easy Zucchini Banana Muffins. Dagmar's Home, DagmarBleasdale.com. #recipe #muffins #baking #dessert
Have you ever wondered what the right stock up price is for an item? If so, make sure you get your FREE stock up price list so you don't have to guess anymore!
Delicious New Years Eve Punch
Are you frustrated by all the clutter and sure you can't get through it all.  Click here for easy simple steps that you can do TODAY to get rid of your clutter and finally get organizeed. http://www.livingonadime.com/decluttering-your-home/
Mason Jar Sewing Kit | Best Mason Jar Craft Ideas
Hands down the best breakfast bread. Great Harvest style cinnaburst bread recipe at Rae Gun Ramblings
Creamy Watermelon Pie ~  Watermelon and a few convenience items make this simple and quick pie a delightful dessert that doesn't take much effort.
diy home sweet home: Organizing Tips for the Bathroom
How & Why I Still Use Coupons - Couponing practices have changed a lot in the last decade, but I'm still clipping and using coupons when I shop. Here's the how and why of it.
Halloween Scrambled Brains Recipe - 20 Homemade Halloween Recipes
Shelf Satisfaction- stack a trio of clean-lined shelves on the wall above the toilet. It's an easy way to take advantage of vertical wall space and increase storage. Use one shelf to display a few pieces of artwork and use the remaining two to hold short stacks of towels and a few rolls of toilet paper.
My finances started on a downward spiral after I started to make YOLO purchases. Find out how the YOLO mindset affected my finances for many years...
Alice in Wonderland, Mad Tea Party Birthday Party Ideas | Photo 4 of 87
Do you run around in the morning trying to get things done but always running late? Start a morning routine. It is easy to create one!
See how I got a FREE baby doll for my youngest daughter. You can do the same thing to snag FREE toys for your kids!
Sink your teeth into this Blueberry Cheesecake Poke Cake. This vanilla cake is soaked with cheesecake pudding, fresh blueberry sauce and a cream cheese whipped cream topping.
Snowman Poop, Elf Poop and Reindeer Poop - Homemade Christmas Gift Ideas - 5 Gag Gift Ideas
How To Coupon:  6 Things You Should Know About Your Store's Coupon Policy!
DIY home organization. Take simple things and turn them into creative home storage units. Creative and cheap ways to decorate!
Calling all freelancers!! Are you just getting started but having trouble landing clients? Here are my top tips for freelancers. As some background info, I've been freelancing for four years and have never missed a month when it comes to making money online! I would love to help you do the same :)
Spicy California Shrimp Stack
Travel can be expensive by the time you figure in air fare, hotel, etc. The good news? There are still a few ways that you can save money at the airport!
Musik
Here are 13 tips how clutter can be costing you and  some easy ideas about how to get it under control. http://www.livingonadime.com/cost-clutter/
Red Velvet Cake Recipe
Just like a diet, you should plan for splurges in your budget to ensure they don't become budget-busters.
Savvy Savings Plans for Educational Expenses | Grown Ups Magazine - Don’t know your 401(k) from your ESA? Don’t worry—we can help you save for your child's college education!
Money Saving Concept - The UN-grocery list
French Onion Chicken Noodle Casserole Recipe - egg noodles, french onion dip, cream of chicken soup, cheese, chicken topped with French fried onions - LOVE this casserole! Can make ahead and freezer for later. You can even split it between two foil pans - one for now and one for the freezer. Super easy main dish with only 6 ingredients that tastes great! Everyone RAVES about this casserole!
If you are new to personal loans, or need to polish up your knowledge? This beginner's guide to personal loans will give you the facts you need to get you started and make you an informed customer.
When Money Is Tight - Tips for Living on Next to Nothing | When money is tight, you need to get really creative. Here are some useful tips for when you're down on your luck and need to live on next to nothing. #LivingOnNextToNothing #FrugalLivingTips - Smart Money, Simple Life
How to pack the perfect picnic! The detail in this reminds me of Emma's famous picnic on Box Hill.
raised garden beds soil mixing in wheelbarrow
UPDATE:Walmart Announces BIG Changes to Savings Catcher! http://www.groceryshopforfreeatthemart.com/walmart-announces-big-changes-to-savings-catcher/
15 Tips to save hundreds on a Disney World vacation! Disney can be enjoyed even on a budget with these money saving tips.
Twix Cookie Bites
One Brand Tutorial & Review // The EDGE Beauty // Opening lipsticks // #edgebeauty #packaging #ladykaty92 FromMyVanity.com
Add doors, dry erase board, keys, mail etc. to the end of cabinets. Great idea!
Whether you have just one free hour each day or if you are willing to work 40 to 50 hours a week on top of your full-time job, there are many options for you.
Your golden years just got a little brighter. We found the 100 best senior discounts for you to take advantage of in your 50s and beyond. - The Penny Hoarder http://www.thepennyhoarder.com/best-senior-discounts/
Old Shoes Teendy Again Quick & Easy!
Easy Chicken Noodle Soup - a hearty way to use up leftover roasted, rotisserie, or grilled chicken.
How to Shop at Thrift Stores and Not Look Like It
Looking to bring a new potato side to the table? Look no further. How to Make Crispy Parmesan Baked Potatoes cooking video. Parmesan. Potato. 'Nough said.
If you are getting out of debt, you NEED to control your spending.  Find out the Five Things you need to cut from your budget right now!
A step-by-step guide that shows you exactly how to start a blog | Financegirl
Here is a collection of 11 Green Bean Recipes that are guaranteed to add an unforgettable addition to meal.
Red Hot Candy Apples Recipe
Is Aldi really cheaper than Walmart? I went to both stores for the ultimate price comparison on over 85 items and I'm sharing it all on the blog!
marshmallow frosting recipe
Credit cards can actually provide financial benefits - not cause debt, if used properly and sensibly. Take a look at these 8 pocket friendly perks for using credit cards!
PEEPsicle's - Peeps on a stick! Perfect for filling the kids Easter baskets or creating a fun centerpiece for your home decor!
The Tiny House Movement is on fire. On television and in print, tiny house photos and coverage is everywhere. Here are 5 Things You Need to Know About Tiny Houses Today.
Buying a home isn’t easy or cheap. Between closing costs, the down payment, the home inspection, appraisal and other expenses, buyers can be tapped out emotionally and financially before they can even call the home their own. First-time home buyers are often uninformed about what goes into buying a home and as a result, they make common mistakes that can…
Easy 3 Ingredient Chicken Tacos Recipe - 10 Chicken Dinner Recipes For $7 Or Less
Tired of paying so much for your medication? Check out these 5 ways you can save money on your prescriptions.
How many times do you pay your credit cards each month? Did you know there are benefits to making multiple payments each month? Check them out now!
Crispy Orange Beef | Simply Gourmet
MOPS Craft Idea: DIY Glitter Dipped Feather Name Tag Necklaces for Be You, Bravely - (step by step pictures + instructions)
3 weeks of cheap dinners, ready in 15 minutes!
Trying to save money by buying a used car? Here's a great resource detailing what to look for when buying a used car, based on years of experience!
Shop much at Amazon? If you do, make good use of these 4 clever Amazon shopping tips so you'll get the best deals on food, books, shoes, home items and more every time.
Struggling with managing your money come payday? Charlee has amazing advice for anyone looking for how to handle your money on payday! Stop living paycheck to paycheck and start making your money work for you!
Yup, freelancers can make $10K per month! Today, I'm sharing the story of one of my friends who is consistently bringing in five figures a month, while raising two toddlers!! Impressive!
Keeping a good credit score, not having debt, saving and investing are Sarah Brooks' top priorities. In this guest post, she shares how she improved her credit score from the low 500s to the mid 700s.
10 Must Have BBQ Recipes!
Tired of shirts with armpit stains? Check out the best way to remove armpit stains from shirts. You won't believe how easy it is! They disappear overnight. Never deal with yellow armpit stains again.
Root Beer Cupcakes With Cream Soda Frosting recipe via The Frugal Navy Wife
How to Change Your Life by Changing 6 Simple Habits | How can you change your life by changing your habits? Simple. Habits exist because they make our lives easier, not necessarily better. Choose the ones that make your life better. #Mindset #ChangeYourLife - Smart Money, Simple Life
Want to learn how to start your own blog or website so you can build a business and create the life you've always wanted? Start now with this easy, step by step guide. #HowToStartYourOwnBlog #HowToStartYourOwnWebsite
Spaghetti Squash Carbonara
Stop the horror movie!  Learn how easy it is to get rid of ants using only three ingredients when they decide to invade your home! | The Happy Housewife
This “Reasons personal Budget Fails – 9 Things You Should Know” post was created using the author’s personal experiences with creating budgets. The author hopes that readers will gain understanding on why budget or budget execution may not always go smoothly as planned. There are more reasons personal budget fails but these are some of the ones that people tend to overlook at.
Are you planning on shopping online over the holidays?  Use these 5 Simple Tricks to Save Money Shopping Online!
5 Personal finance books every adult needs to read (the best personal finance books that I love). | Financegirl
Want to know why your budget is failing? Make a budget that works by remembering this simple step. Gain accuracy and confidence by following this tip.
Chuy's Creamy Jalapeno Dip {copycat} | Who Needs A Cape?
Budgeting can be hard work and it's even harder work when the budget fails. So how do you survive a budget fail? These tips will help you get your budget back on track.
cake tips to make the average box cake - something amazing on a fork!
Love the stacked picture frames in Bella's colors... black, white, purple - you have the frames, just need the paint!
Free things to do in LA
Want to get fit and need to take classes but don't have a ton of  money? Check out the following 10 ways to get fit for free-and still get the exercise class experience.
At a loss to how to begin organizing your finances? Check out this great post with tons of ideas of how to start this month out on the right financial foot. You will not regret learning these tips!
Irish Cream Soda
Boy, I totally know these all too well!  When you're in debt, it's like you're on an emotional roller coaster.  I could totally relate to #4!
How to get motivated to pay off debt. Apply these simple tricks and find getting out of debt becomes simpler than ever before.
If you have a problem with makeup caking on you, listen to these helpful tips. Don't forget to subscribe to my YouTube channel to be notified of upcoming videos!
5/29 Reverse Coupon Matchups are up!  Come see how to ave with this week's coupons.
Are you getting enough sleep? Here are some ways that moms can focus on getting more sleep.
1 pot cheesy taco skillet- this low carb skillet dinner is so good over salad, in a burrito, or on it's own!
Garage door insulation cuts energy bills and street noise. Here’s How To Insulate A Garage Door
How To Live On One Income. Living on one income doesn't have feel impossible. Here are my tips to live on one income and not live paycheck to paycheck.
Fisher Price Play House Makeover
Save money on produce! Cut your grocery bill just by shopping at Aldi. Here are 4 Things you need to know before you shop at Aldi Foods.
Sweet Potato Brownies
Candy Bar Pie - you must make this blondie pie! It's filled with peanut butter cups, Rolos, and M&Ms!
Whether you are camping or have a group to feed breakfast to at home this omelettes in a bag recipe is so easy and fast.
Easy paintings on canvas, easy art projects for kids join our FREE class and you can paint with us,  Spring Butterfly Mommy and Me paint night, popular paint projects for kids and parents
The best part of baking cookies is sneaking a little raw cookie dough, right? You know you shouldn't because, well, raw eggs! You do anyway though because it's just so delightful! Fear the raw egg no more and make cookie dough that was never meant for baking! Now that's my kind of cookie dough!
This “Why Do You Make Bad Financial Decisions?” post describes the reasons that many people tend to make mistakes on things related to finances.   Many of us claim we do not make bad financial decisions. The reality is, many of us make bad choices but some of us don’t admit them. Whether it is lending money to others or purchasing a car, we made and will continue to make these mistakes.
Summer Flower Pedicure
Before I began freelancing from home I worked hard on saving money on different line items in my budget. By focusing on 5 specific areas I've been able to save thousands of dollars each month and as a result of that savings I was able to change my career and work from home.
BBQ Chicken Pasta with Buttery Cheddar Ritz Topping - Quick and easy, this BBQ Chicken Pasta Bake Recipe with Buttery Cheddar Ritz topping is the perfect answer to your weeknight dinner or weekend party!
The Top 10 Most Frugal Things I Do:  A list of the thriftiest (and perhaps strangest) things I do to save money!
Great reads that will motivate you and inspire you to get organized. A lot of these are available at the library!
Change It Up! Use removable fabric flowers to accent your crocheted throw pillows. Free pillow pattern included! | Free Flower Throw Pillow Crochet Pattern by Little Monkeys Crochet
There is no need to sacrifice our health while dumping debt. These five tips will fit any budget and lifestyle.
Are you looking for a Fourth of July dessert that is as yummy as it is beautiful? These Fourth of July mini cakes are both tasty and impressive in presentation.
You NEED TO check out these 10 AMAZING cheap home decor hacks and tips! I'm trying to decorate on a budget and these money saving tips are THE BEST! They've helped me out SO MUCH Definitely pinning for later!
Is Aldi really cheaper than Walmart? I went to both stores for the ultimate price comparison on over 85 items and I'm sharing it all on the blog!
I am all about saving money, but sometimes it seems like I just don't have the time.  These 4 super easy ways to save money are perfect for busy, working families!
Now-a-days whenever you buy anything you're offered a maintenance plan. Most of the time it's not worth it, but sometimes the added protection comes in handy
Making these frozen yogurt pop bites may result in bumping you up to "coolest mom ever" status.  The kids will never know how easy they are to make!
Want to save money on groceries? Learn out how to create a Price Book so you know you're paying rock-bottom prices on your groceries.
Reason #1 is my favorite!  Switching from Tide to DIY laundry sauce has saved my family over 90% of our laundry budget—and we will never go back!  Love this!!!
Create this Summer BBQ Themed Gift Basket like a pro for under $5 - perfect gift for hostess, neighbors, coworkers and other summer holiday events!
Many employers are now using your credit report as one factor in determining whether they will hire you. Whether you agree with this or not, it’s the reality we live in. Sure, you’ll have allow them permission to do this, but if they ask and you say no, it throws up a red flag for them that you have something…
Chocolate Lava Cake - Chocolate Overload in a crock pot slow cookier
Easy-Change Picture Frames
Gifts for college graduates should be thoughtful, useful, and special. Check out this list of college graduation gifts for every budget.
DIY Photo coasters - Christmas gift idea
These are perfect for a holiday or weeknight dinner. #CrockPot Green Beans #Recipe
While I don't typically put myself in the crunchy-mom category, I gotta appreciate these tips I've gotten from my crunchier mommy friends. We are saving money on daily expenses and getting out of debt faster with these 3 borderline hippie tricks! Spoiler Alert: No more paper towels!
7 smart ways to spend your tax return. How do you spend your refund check each year? Do you buy another gadget or electronic device that you don’t need? Better yet, do you elect to go on a nice, lavish vacation that you can’t really afford? The truth is that the average person, doesn’t spend their tax return very wisely.  With that in mind, we compiled a list of “7 Smart Ways to Spend Your Tax Return”.
These 9 home decor charts are THE BEST! I'm so glad I found this! These have seriously helped me redecorate my rooms and make them look AMAZING! Definitely pinning this!
Chicken Noodle Casserole Recipe - The Perfect Comfort Food!
Great post!  I never thought of being the spender in a relationship to be a strength, but it can be!  Love this!
Infused Sugar flavors. #sugar
I just found over $2,400 that is owed to my father-in-law that he didn't know about!  States hold onto billions of dollars of unclaimed property until they find the rightful owners.  Here's a link to every state's unclaimed property database so you can see if you are owed any money!
Orange Cream Scones
These 10 Great Lists to Make Money from Home are SO AWESOME! I've found so many ideas and I'm already trying out a few of them! I've always wanted to work from home and find extra ways to make money so these areGREAT!! SO HAPPY I found this!
space saving storage solutions for modern kitchen
Make delicious homemade vanilla extract with just two simple ingredients!
Every month we make our personal finances public by sharing what we earn, spend, and pay in debt. Here's our report for June 2016!  I still can't wrap my mind around this!
Convert attic in to a family sized guest bedroom. The curtains add privacy just like on a sleeper car of a train.
Are you looking for simple ways to save more money. Here is one easy tip for saving more money without a lot of extra work!
How To Get Started With Coupons - This is a great primer for those looking to get started saving with coupons. Are you leaving money on the grocery store conveyer belt?
Miracle Decreaser and it is all Natural. Clean your kitchen cabinets quickly and easily. What are you waiting for
While it may look like everyone around you is living the good life and enjoying lots of money, this may not actually be true. Here are 8 important reasons to live beneath your means. Get these tips and motivation to pursue a simpler, more frugal lifestyle.
This is the easiest recipe ever and it tastes like the stuff from the restaurant. I like to make extra and freeze it. | Homemade Salsa
FREE Budget Spreadsheet With Video Tutorial - Get the Spreadsheet WE USE along with a video on how to best use it!
Do you need to save money on groceries? It's easier than you think!  I learned how to use my pantry and freezer in a BIG way.  Check out how you can save by trying my Pantry & Freezer challenge.
Welcome to May’s online income report where I show you how I made…
Zero Waste Lifestyle | The beauty of striving for a zero waste lifestyle is that the benefits begin as soon as you do. - Smart Money, Simple Life
Six figure business ideas that you can do from home! Check out these top ways to make money from home. You no longer have to choose between a career and a family. Why not have both?! Let me help you get started!
Backyard landscaping with raised garden beds- what a great idea to enclose the underside of a porch!
Summer strawberry doughnuts with white chocolate glaze.
Do you love to read? I do! These 10 money saving books everyone should read are…
Are you wanting to save money during back to school season?  Check out these 10 great money saving tips.
These 10 home tip and hack lists are SO GOOD! I've found so many AWESOME tips…
Do you want to save money?  Here is the simplest tip you've ever heard of--but…
PitterAndGlink: {PB Inspired Pumpkin Art}
15 Financial Tips & Tricks for Newlyweds - Getting married is a huge step! Make sure yours starts off on the right foot with these 10 financial tips for newlyweds!
My biggest stress reliever is shopping, but it's not cheap! I love these frugal ideas for relieving stress instead.
Even though you just went shopping, the groceries just don't seem to last long…
Kids eating you out of house and home? See this post for tips from a mom of 4 on how she feeds her boys and saves money on groceries each month. Time-saving strategies, ideas for cheap meals, too.
Homemade Pancake Mix
If you are new to personal loans, or need to polish up your knowledge? This beginner's guide to personal loans will give you the facts you need to get you started and make you an informed customer.
Besitos de Coco or Coconut Macaroons were my old time favorites ever. This…
Super Tuna Arugula Bowl Recipe
Avoiding the Financial Failure of Not Changing Spending Habits to Reflect New Reality-- See how we and others do our household budget. |  http://www.frugalconfessions.com/unemployed/avoiding-the-financial-failure-of-not-changing-spending-habits-to-reflect-new-reality.php
It's great that you can invest a group of stocks at such a low price. I want to…
Layout. L-shaped kitchen with island and eat-in table at back. Also noticing…
I'm the saver and my partner is the spender. It can cause a lot of arguments. I've been trying to get him on board with frugality, and these tips have really helped!
Ways to Upcycle Old Towels - Have a linen closet full of ratty old towels? Give them new life and save money with these 10 "New" Uses for Ratty Old Towels!
This easy crockpot taco soup using simple ingredients from the pantry to create a big pot of soup for just a few dollars. Definitely a great frugal meal!
Use your debt as motivation. You never know where you will end up when the forces of determination and necessity are with you. Amanda L. Grossman | http://www.frugalconfessions.com/dbc-sign-up
I have a new perspective on buying a car with cash or financing one after reading this post! These two methods are definitely worth considering if you're in the market for a car.
While lending money to friends and family is generally considered a bad idea, sometimes you have to make a small loan to help those you love get by. If you have the means, helping can be done if you’re smart about your personal lending practices. The last thing you’d want is to lose a friend or start a family feud…
How Melody Paid off 39,000 Dollars of Debt in Just 1 Year. Think you don't have what it takes to become debt free? Well, think again! Melody paid off 39,000 dollars of debt in just 1 year. With bankruptcy staring her in the face, Melody had a tough decision to make. She and her husband were fed up with their debt situation and decided to get proactive.
Sausage and Spinach Breakfast Casserole A Crowd Pleaser for only $7. Talk about an inexpensive recipe! My family absolutely loved this! It is easy on the wallet, easy to make, and will definitely be a part of my meal planning for next week!
I have listed 10 playdough recipes to make your own plus 10 ways to use playdough to make it therapeutic and educational for kids of all…
Homemade Shepherds Pie
Three Little Mermaids: Snacks, Activities, and Crafts, Part 1: Snacks
These crazy easy ways to save $1000 by Christmas will help make your gift…
Have you chosen to work at home to avoid the expense of daycare? Here are 6 ways work-at-home moms can find temporary childcare if you need it.
Meat prices keep going up, up, up. Here are some tips to stretching your budget by stretching out ground beef.
We all have it in the back of our fridge as well as in our pantry for baked goods, but did you know there are literally hundreds of things you can do with this hidden gem, baking soda? Here are 10 Great Household Uses For Baking Soda that you are sure to find helpful around the house this summer.
Most of us are well aware of the selection and convenience of Amazon, but there are lots of ways to save money on Amazon that you might not know about.
Matched Betting is one of the best ways to make extra money from home. There is…
Are you still paying off your credit card from last year’s family vacation? Don't fall into the trap of overspending on this year’s family vacation! These 7 smart money-saving vacation tips will teach you how to stay within budget this year. (Free Printable)
Sausage Rigatoni with Spicy Tomato Cream Sauce from @FMSCLiving
I make this chicken recipe for dinner at least 3x a month! We all love it!!
Thank heaven for dirty dishes, they have a tale to tell. While other folks go…
Dump A Day Funny Pictures Of The Day - 92 Pics
DIY Fabric Pennant Banner that you can make to match any room or any holiday. It is easy to make with your choice of color and you can hang the pennant any where you want to. Easy to make DIY project #fabric #crafts #decor #diy
Trying to make a budget, but can't stick to it? Check out these 7 things you're not including in your budget. By being realistic about what your budget needs to include you can make sure that your money is working for you.
These 6 water detox hacks are THE BEST! I'm so happy I found this GREAT post! I've tried a couple of these and I've definitely lost weight... ALREADY! I can't believe how easy these are! Definitely pinning for later!
How to wash fewer dishes every day. Tips for cutting back on dish use without…
Looking for a unique outdoor lighting idea? Make this solar chandelier! Elevate the style of your outdoor lighting by adding dollar store solar lights!
These 13 farmhouse styles on a budget are THE BEST! I'm so happy I found these AWESOME DIY projects! Now I have some cute ideas on how to decorate my home! I'M SO pinning for later!
Slow Cooker Cream Cheese, Chicken and Broccoli Alfredo…
Apple Chunkies - A vintage recipe for sweet little bars stuffed with chunks of…
These 9 clothing hacks and tips are THE BEST! I'm so happy I found this GREAT post! Now I can save money and keep my favorite outfits! I'm SO pinning for later!
How she made $3k from home is AMAZING! I'm so inspired and her tips have DEFINIELY helped me out! I've already started making income! I'm so HAPPY I found this post! I'm SO pinning for later!
Are you hunting for a budget car seat but don’t know where to start? Whether you are expecting a baby, or your child is just getting too big for their car seat, this guide shows you how to find the perfect balance of safety and price.
Big Stores That Price Match- I honestly think the easiest way to save money is to price match.  When you find the item you want you just pull out your cell phone and do a quick search to see if it’s cheaper somewhere else.
Do you want to get better at managing your budget? You won't want to miss these 5 tips to be a successful budgeter!
How To Save Money Booking A Hotel
Build this super easy gift wrap organizer to hold all of your gift wrapping supplies in one place
No costume? No money? No problem. Check out these ideas for potentially free last minute halloween costumes!
Yes, buying organic and non-GMO food can be affordable, and I will show you how! 5 tips to save money on organic food. Dagmar's Home, DagmarBleasdale.com #dinner #organic #couponing #food
Want to save more money? You may or will need to spend more money now. This may be counter intuitive but the tips that include getting your education, paying off credit cards, among others, will help you save money. Spending money now can you more money later on. #investment #debt #credit
Turmeric paste recipe - Learn how to make the most out of turmeric. A truly powerful healer, turmeric supports joint function, improves digestion, and has skin enhancing properties. Use turmeric paste to make golden milk, smoothies, teas and more.
How I made over $18,000 my first year blogging. Here, I'm sharing all my secrets on making money blogging, plus revealing a realistic time frame on how long you can expect to start making money on your blog. The answer might surprise you!
LaTisha Styles has decided to drop some knowledge off to Young Yet Wise.  Who is this wonderful woman, and how did she eliminate 22,000 of credit card debt?! http://youngyetwise.com/how-she-paid-off-22000-of-credit-card-debt/
Sorry Honey, I can't be frugal This Month!
Are struggling with decluttering your home because you just don't know where to start? Here are 8 steps that will help you create the home you've been dreaming of!
Stop the horror movie! Learn how easy it is to get rid of ants using only three ingredients when they decide to invade your home! | The Happy Housewife
Planning a yard sale soon? Let me show you how to make it your most successful ever!
LEGO Monogram Wall Art - Living Chic Mom
Wow. I'd love to retire abroad at any of these places. It's important to consider everything on this list.
Couponing 101 – The 6 Keys To Couponing
101 Fun, Awkward, and Cool Ways to Make an Extra $1000 next month. Looking for…
A Friendly Mitten Monsters Craft. The kids had names like Mitten Monsters, Glove Buddies, Mitten Stuffies and Monster Stuffies… whatever you call them, they are easy and affordable to make and result in hours of fun for your kids over the long winter months.
I love the cooler weather of Fall.  The falling leaves, the activities and…
Simple Homemade Apple Butter Recipe -- serious yum!
13 Super Stylish Ways to Tie a Scarf
Oh you better watch out… and I’m not talking about being naughty or nice.  I’m talking about raising kids.  Is Santa helping or hindering your parenting goals?  Is Santa over-stepping his bounds?  Is Santa shooting you in the foot?  Here are some important parenting considerations when it comes to Santa.
What NOT To Do When Etching Glass! T is back with another great tip - What NOT to Do When Etching Glass! Would you like to see a trial and error tip? I definitely have one for you today. I thought I would try glass etching and I learned a few things. I want to share a bit of wisdom with you so you do not make the mistakes I made.
10 Pantry Essentials for Baking that will keep your budget frugal by allowing you to bake from scratch all the baked goods you want. Money Saving Tips, Frugal Living
If you’re thinking about requesting a credit limit increase, you should run – not walk – to the nearest phone and dial up your credit company. As long as you pay the balance off each month, a bigger credit limit may benefit you. A higher credit limit not only means the potential for greater purchasing power, it also means a…
Even with our digitally advanced world, many still struggle with paper clutter at home and at work. Here are 15 ways you can reduce paper clutter right now. de-clutter paper, de-clutter, organize paperwork, organize papers, mail organization, reduce paper
These 6 easy ways to make extra money on the side are THE BEST! I'm so glad I found this GREAT post! I've already tried one of them and I'm already making A TON of money each month! I'm SO pinning for later!
Creme Brulee French Toast Casserole is assembled in minutes the night before and bakes up into a luscious, sweet caramel-flavored custard around the bread.  It is perfect for company, birthday breakfasts, and special occasions in general.  It is the perfect combination of creme brulee and French toast.  Children and adults will rave about this wonderful treat.
Massive Money Saving Checklist | 200 Money Saving Tips. How would you like to save thousands of dollars over the course of a year? Without feeling like you’re living a life of constant denial? You would? Download your free Massive Money Saving Checklist  and start applying all those money saving tips today!  - Smart Money, Simple Life
Ham and cheese calzones are an easy and delicious way to use up extra ham…
Learn how to calculate your net worth, and most importantly, how to INCREASE it, using these 5 steps! The good news: you may already doing some of these things! But are you doing all that you could be? Find out!
I asked myself before starting this post and honestly had no idea. It would be super nice to fit into my pre-pregnancy clothes; thus negating the need for a full wardrobe redo. Of course, my spiritual self would say bible study needs to be a no questions asked priority (Seek first His kingdom...right?). Being comfortable and all settled at home has its tangible benefits. But...no...Can you choose just one thing to focus on in 2015?
As an alternative to front door wreaths, Annette decided to decorate a couple of decorative brooms for the fall season.
How To Remove Water Stains Or Burns From A Wood Table Easily!
A wedding is one of the most important days of your life, but it's also one of the most expensive. In order to save money and space, here are 7 wedding items you shouldn't buy.
Frugality can be a lot of work! It's important to be smart about money management and how much time saving money takes. Loved these ideas!
Rent movies and watch them from home - easy and for less with the tip!
Get rid of ingrown hairs
Why your newspaper subscription is worthless
You'll fall in love with these melty pools of dark and milk chocolate in Bobby Flay's throw-down chocolate chip cookies!
This marshmallow bonbons recipe makes an easy and tasty Christmas candy everyone will love! It's great for parties, company or treats for kids!
Tight budget? Find out how to use cash back rewards to add money to your budget. Great way to make money on the things you already buy!
Have you ever skipped the theater just because of the price? No matter how hard you try, the popcorn you make at home isn't as great as theater popcorn, the sound doesn't compare & the experience just isn't there. Click to read about how to experience the theater without paying full price.
How to make your own Jarred Minced Garlic - it's easy to diy your own minced garlic in a jar. All you need are a few simple ingredients and about 5 minutes to make it! It's a very quick and easy recipe!
This Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole is quick and easy. It has shredded chicken, ham, and swiss in a creamy dijon sauce. It is low carb, grain free, & THM S. via /joyfilledeats/
Have you recently started a blog or are considering starting one? Here are my best tips for brand new bloggers who want to grow their audience and start making an income ASAP!
Get Rid Of German Roaches Naturally! With Items From Your Pantry! I thought I would share a frugal and safe, natural home remedy for getting rid of German Roaches. No one wants roaches, no one wants to say they have roaches. But, from time to time we may have to deal with this issue.
Easy to make star ornament free crochet pattern!
Clean Eating Pumpkin Spice French Toast Casserole Recipe
Super easy step by step tutorial for how to make DIY industrial pipe shelves at a fraction of the cost of the store bought version. These would look great with both farmhouse and industrial home decor!
How to make yogurt by the gallon in your crock pot, why you would want to, and what to do with it!
Six figure business ideas that you can do from home! Check out these top ways to make money from home. You no longer have to choose between a career and a family. Why not have both?! Let me help you get started!
I have spent SO much money on the most random things that I regret! These tips have been so helpful in getting my spending under control!
Still don't know if you should become an Amazon FBA seller? Here are 3 free tools (email courses, guides, and videos) to help you decide.
Yup! I make 6 figures from home and it all began by starting a blog. Learn how to start a blog, make money online, and quit your day job inside!
These 10 life changing command hook hacks are THE BEST! I'm so happy I found these AWESOME tips! Now I can organize and decorate my home! Definitely pinning for later!
Homemade Citrus Bliss Shampoo with 6 all-natural ingredients! Make your own shampoo with this easy recipe. Great citrus scent to leave your hair smelling clean and fresh! Great DIY gift idea! Check out this simple recipe here!
Making donuts can be quick and easy and they can be healt{ier}. Check out this recipe for cinnamon sugar cake donuts.
Are you really getting the best price on pet food? You might be overlooking one very important thing and spending way too much!
This app was so easy to use, and I was able to save money quickly without even trying! via @becomingwellthy
How to Pay for Christmas without Killing your Budget | If you are worried about how you are going to pay for Christmas, this is a must-read! These are great tips for having a frugal Christmas or staying on budget with a large family!
How to get motivated to pay off debt. Apply these simple tricks and find getting out of debt becomes simpler than ever before.
Are you wasting money without even realizing it? I'd bet you are! Check out these 20 common expenses you should stop spending money on and you'll soon find extra money in your budget!
My favorite sweet potato recipe ever!!  This is a hit, every time I make it.  Only problem is, I never have leftovers.
The joys of a simple Italian Bar
Sperlinga castle, Enna, Sicily
✯ Sea Cliffs - Lecce, Salento, Italy
Naples Italy
I never knew you could make this stuff yourself. Much healthier.
garlic butter shrimp scampi recipe
Ten Free Book Apps for Preschool Kids
Carnival in Viareggio, Tuscany
#HappyEaster everybody! It’s that time again for our Italian recipe that will conclude Flavours Easter menu ideas http://flavoursofitaly.blogspot.co.uk/2014/04/flavours-italian-easter-menu-abbachio.html#.U1EC2aJqqSp #cookingholiday
Alessandra Zecchini: A day in the mountains with Morchella Deliciosa (Italy)
Discovered! The Best Beaches near Amalfi
Dusk, Venice, Italy
Nightfall Procida
Montalcino in Tuscany
Bonassola sunset on the Italian Riviera, near the Cinque Terre.
Printable Summer Reading Log
pumpkin cupcakes whipped cream - use regular whipped cream for topping.
bakedchickentostada
cleaning hacks
Slow Cooker Potato and Corn Chowder - The easiest chowder you will ever make. Throw everything in the crockpot and you're set! Easy peasy!
The Ultimate Anti-Self-Help Book via @PureWow
World's Best Cinnamon Rolls
All Purpose Lebanese Spice Blend Recipe - The Lemon Bowl
Overnight Chocolate Chia Seed Pudding - Minimalist Baker
Kenney™ 5/8" Diameter Valentine Curtain Rod - Aged Gold
Easy Crockpot Chili - FamilyFreshMeals.com --
Quinoa Patties: One of the best vegetarian meals. Can be modified for most diets and tastes!
Lemon Spinach Chicken
The best low carb, grain-free, and ketogenic recipes of 2014. From soup to nuts to decadent desserts, there’s sure to be something you’ll love!  It is always so fun to look back over th…
Yesterday I shared a cheesy (tasty) valentine. “You wormed your way to my heart!” accompanied with a bag of gummy worms! Today, we’ve got Taylor here with a boy friendly, non candy valentine that you’re going to love! On a side note, Taylor lives in Houston and I get to meet and room with her …
12 Things to tell our daughters before 13!
These Slow Cooker BBQ Hot Wings with Blue Cheese Dip are going to be a hit at your next party! They have way more flavor than your typical hot wings! . And the blue cheese dip is out of this world good, again, way more flavorful than most! Such a tasty appetizer!
#bakingoutsidethebox | Just 1 ingredient!  Crispy zero carb taco shells.  So easy to make and even easier to eat.
This sweet Cinnamon Maple Coffee Cake recipe is the perfect breakfast solution! With a slightly chewy texture like a cinnamon roll, it's the maple glaze and streusel topping that wins you over!
Tomato-Basil-Tortellini-Soup-3.png 1,226×1,834 pixels
Slow Cooker Beef Tips - Pinterest
7 Brain Food Games: The Best Educational Apps for Kids
Tips for Organizing Magazine Recipes
Farm House Shadow by J Howard-Fatta | $1000 | 30"w x 30"h | Original Art | http://www.vangoart.co/jhowardfatta/farm-house-shadow @VangoArt
Portofino (http://www.miomyitaly.com/portofino.html)
Here is a long list of the best chapter books for fourth grade 9-year old boys and girls!
http://www.exquisitecoasts.com/
Fig Pizza with Goat Cheese, Pistachios and Honey | Cake Over Steak
This easy Mexican flavored casserole makes it easy to serve a cheesy, nutrient packed dinner for a crowd.
Via Krupp, Capri, http://www.exquisitecoasts.com/
Lemonade Cake with Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting - Cookies and Cups
these crazy delicious lemon cookies only take a few minutes to make since they start with a cake mix
Greek Yogurt Banana Bread -- so soft and tender that you'd never be able to tell it's made without butter or oil! DELICIOUS! || runningwithspoons.com
Chicken and Spinach Stuffed Shells
http://www.exquisitecoasts.com/
Rich corn chowder with roasted poblanos, fresh corn, potatoes, onions, stock, and cream.
24 Helpful Hacks for Maximizing Every Bit of Food in Your Kitchen
Medieval houses and seafront of old Cefalu, Sicily
La Peschiera, Monopoli, Italy
Rolled up like a cinnamon roll, these taste as good as they look.
Just set it and forget it ;) This crock pot chicken & stuffing is a delicious home cooked meal that's as easy as it gets!
St. Peter's Square, Vatican City, Italy
My Slow Cooker Apple Cinnamon Raisin Bread Pudding recipe and this blog post was sponsored by KING’S HAWAIIAN® but the opinions are all my own. Every year my family has a holiday party the week before Christmas, and today’s the big day. We all bring a ridiculous amount of food and just enjoy the day eating, …
You NEED this Sweet Corn Spoonbread on your table this Thanksgiving! It's easy and amazingly delicious!
Pumpkin BTS Poke Cake | www.somethingswanky.com
Chicken stew with butternut squash & quinoa
Homemade Protein Bars
Ruffled Lamp Using Wire Ribbon, how adorable is this!!!
DIY Reuseable Dryer Sheets!
Gluten Free Rosh Hashanah Recipes - Joy of Kosher
One-Pot Paprika Chicken Thighs
DIY Christmas Tea Towels
Bacon Wrapped Cream Cheese Stuffed Chicken! Tender chicken breast stuffed with cream cheese and chives wrapped tightly within crispy bacon. | HomemadeHooplah.com
Apple Cider Sangria
Eclectic Home Tour – Perfecting the Homefront Eclectic Home Tour – Seaside Retreat Eclectic Home Tour – Tennessee Farmhouse Tour Eclectic Home Tour – Bless’er House Eclectic Home Tour – The Wicker House Eclectic Home Tour – New Arrivals Eclectic Home Tour – Cozy California Cottage Eclectic Home Tour – Urban Oasis Eclectic Home Tour …
The most unbelievable pizza dip! A layer of herbed cream cheese, homemade sauce, cheese and then topped with pepperoni. AMAZING!
Clean Eating Gluten-Free Vegan Gingerbread Cookies | The Healthy Family and Home
Roasted Butternut Squash Quinoa Salad is naturally gluten free and vegetarian. Everyone will love this!
Beef bourguignon recipe
Broccoli Au Gratin
Crockpot Mac and Cheese — Pip and Ebby
Overnight Crock Pot Banana Bread Oatmeal
Sweet Potato Chips
The perfect vanilla cupcake. An EASY friendly from scratch recipe! Light, fluffy, and loaded with vanilla flavor! Plus tons of tips and tricks on HOW to make the perfect cupcake that will work on ANY recipe!
Balsamic Roasted Brussels Sprouts - Think you don't like brussels sprouts? The balsamic glaze on these will change your mind!! BEST brussels sprouts ever!! Fast, easy, and accidentally healthy!
We are always on the go and this Kid's Favorite Snack Mix is so easy and fast to mix together and keep on hand for school lunches, snack and to grab-and-go!
The BEST Balsamic Vinaigrette recipe by Barefeet In The Kitchen
17 Ways to Turn Breakfast Foods into a Legit Dinner
chicken and bacon kabobs 011
This cute colored rice centerpiece is an easy DIY craft for kids and adults! The colors can be changed for simple Easter, 4th of July, Halloween, and Christmas decorations!
Chocolate Tacos are perfect for the chocoholic in your life. You won't be able to resist!
Red White & Blue Poke cake! Perfect for 4th of July, this cake is easy to make and always moist & delicious!
Bakery Style Chocolate Chip Cookies | stuckonsweet.com
Smell Hacks! Got a stinky room in your house? Try one of these genius DIY ideas to banish those gross smells.
If YOU Need a Legitimate Work at Home Job Right NOW
125 Family
Ina Garten's Lemon Bars | www.somethingswanky.com
This Cheese Lover's Crock Pot Shells is so simple and has an amazing flavor! It is a great way to treat yourself after a rough day or some pop to dinner!
sausage pepper quiche2 (1 of 1)
Engagements at Sunset
dc shoes #web #design
The Flyer and the Garden, Singapore
Creative advertising concept. This one was fun!
Festive fun at sunset in Key West. Sunset in Key West is a daily celebration.
Tofino, British Columbia, Canada
Nevski Cathedral, Tallinn, Estonia
Lichtenstein Castle,  Germany
Nemrut Dağı, Turkey
Ravello, Amalfi Coast, Italy
Ham in Toast Cups -
Tuna sashimi sticks
Strawberry Cones
Sky over New York City
Caribbean - Casa Colonial Beach & Spa Dominican Republic from Lux World Wide
Fresh Spring Rolls
Salty Caramel with Smoked Almonds, Oatmeal Cream, Orchid Vanilla, Chocolate Hazelnut from Jeni's Ice Cream (the best)
crockpot / slow cooker chicken tikka masala
Couple in the red rock. By Jared Medley Photography
Elafonisi, Crete, Greece
Kuang Si Falls, Laos
Tracery and statuary, Armagh Cathedral, No. Ireland
Marble Caverns of Lago Carrera, Chilean Patagonia  @}-,-;--
red velvet strawberry shortcake
Nanaimo Bars....enough said:)
Ruhlman's Macaroni and Beef with Cheese Casserole
Japanese Strawberry Shortcake     #recipe  #juliesoissons
Saigon Cinnamon Tiramisu with Fresh Raspberries
Creamy Sweet Potato and Cauliflower Soup
Cream Puff Pie
Sequoia Drive Through. California
Marshmallows dipped in caramel, left to harden, and dunked in chocolate ...ummm YUM
Strawberry Ice Cream
Caprese Grilled Cheese with Arugula Pesto | Feasting At Home.
Waterfront - Cape Town, South Africa <3
love culture
paolo roversi : vogue italia
by Sebastian Faena
floral embossing dress in cream
Peach & roasted vegetable salad
Baked Chicken and Spinach Flautas
Blue-pink-gray work-outfits
honey-almond ice cream
Pink ombré maxi dress.
chanel
Crawfish Cornbread
Caramel Comfort by LOREAL Color Riche Balm..   I just bought this today at WalGreens and its awesomeee :) -Kaylee
Chicago
quartz ring
View on #NewYork #Skyscrapers from our hotel room #NewYorkCity, #NYC, #NY
Summer
HEIRLOOM TOTE / Rib and Hull
Sweet Chili Chicken Quesadilla
This website has tons of really cute clothes for ridiculously cheap prices! PIN THIS!
Lace oxfords
Lovely girl, lovely outfit. #Faded #jeans, #lace #bustier #plus-size
Cute! Crisscross Top.
Patchwork maxi skirts.
Kristin s Limited Edition White Story Dress Free People
Summer outfit
Loving all neutral for Summer #streetstyle
jeans & aviators- Izabel Goulart
The Baking Bluenoser: Chocolate Kiss Cookies
color combo
simple and cute with mint
Cute outfit
Coral
Gorgeous lace dress
Summer Outfit
such a great outfit!
Brass hair piece.
Graphic Lace Dresses
"Untitled #241" by raq40 on Polyvore
Flowy neon sweater, white skinnies with gold chain belt, white/black color block heels and clear clutch
Pierogi with Potatoes, Garlic, Thyme, Parsley, Cabbage, and Parmesan
Tribal Mini skirty by LoNaDesign
Cute Gold Plated Sparkling Clear Crystal Embellished Lips Stud 3/4: Stud Earrings
Navy Bridesmaid Dress
retro
Spinach Artichoke Cups
A nice, easy hipster hair style to do on any type of day.
Floral prints.
"White and Silver" by stephiebees on Polyvore
20 MOST POPULAR STREET STYLE FOR SUMMER 2013
anchor tattoo. This is perfect, I just want to add a feminine touch somehow
Manx Oxfords by Dolce Vita: the prettiest oxfords I ever did see...
Cool-style
Light Pants  #Zara #Pans #Top #Sandals #MichaelKors #Bag
Gucci 2013
Perfect for Fall
gold details for autumn
chateau in France
Gorgeous!
Caramelised onion and Cantal soup
Casual Outfit
little black summer dress
Eggs in Hash Brown Nests with roasted Parma ham
love this outfit
Cute heels!
Carlotta Oddi, #StreetStyle, Photo by #TommyTon
basics + a leather jacket
LOVE THIS NIKE RUNNING SHOES. #CHEETAH
Gold Necklace
Zapatos
15 Skinny Finger Foods For Football
Bucksport, Maine, New England, US
Looking for a great snack for your Halloween party? Then grab a brain mold and try your hand at making some tasty cream cheese brain dip, or a black bean graveyard dip. Jo and Sue have the recipes for both, and they look totally terrific and tasty.
22 Beautiful Girls in Their Favorite Crop Tops
Smoked Chicken and Sausage Gumbo: You can't have a true celebration without a bowl of my family's famous gumbo! This is a holiday family tradition. Gumbo, served with hot rice and plenty of hot sauce!
Salsa Chicken Casserole - Love with recipe
Matte Navy Blue!
girlish waves
Betty Boop
Valzoldana,  Dolomites, Italy. Belluno. Veneto region of Italy .
#street
Tory Burch
Replace with a pumpkin spice latte, and this outfit would be perfect.
Givenchy
Multi Pattern Footless Tights
.
Mint Pants
Emmy DE * "This is an Aegean Sea".. Milos Island (Cyclades), Greece
#vonshelman
Sweet Heart Cupcakes how to....use any shape and flavors
PAVE EMBELLISHED ANALOG BRACELET WATCH | Express
Love the sweater!
Classic and cool.
the perfect holiday heel #xmas
Wasabi Lamb Burgers with Yogurt and Cucumber Salsa
Polyvore
Carolina Herrera
bebe | Sweetheart Peplum Dress - View All
16 Clean Eating Thanksgiving Side Dish Recipes © Jeanette's Healthy Living #CleanEating #Thanksgiving #SideDishes
Zuhair Murad
Pecan Sticky French Toast overnight casserole - um, yes please!  Perfect for breakfast Christmas morning!!
this awesome coat has a hood too!
Fatface Hoodies 3, created by stylesbyjoey on …
aztec
Infinite Arms Lace Tunic
Shakshuka (Eggs Poached in Spicy Tomato Sauce)
"12|12|11" by miizz-starburst ❤ liked on Polyvore
2013 Bracelet Trends
White #Converse #Chucks Chuck Taylor low-tops; #trainers; #sneakers
Pub bans customer from smoking e-cigarette
Polka dot dresses
sleeveless bateau chiffon dress with a sash
Slow Cooker Buffalo Chicken | www.diethood.com | Slow cooked, spicy and delicious Buffalo Chicken drumsticks. | #recipe #chicken #slowcooker #crockpot
Ginger Pear Cream of Wheat |
Rayne Necklace in Teal - Kendra Scott Jewelry.
Pretty
H&M Shirt, Zara Skirt, Balenciaga Bag, Two toned shirt
Twisted and Tousled <3
"Ruffles and Textures" by styleofe on Polyvore
seychelles.
Oklahoma Wind...LOL!! So true!
Beige Round Neck Broken Stripe Cable Sweater
How to Make Candied Flowers
beautiful
love the skirt part w the shorter in front and way longer in the back! (Maybe not quite as short in front tho... and the under thing can be longer too)
Cauli-power Fettuccine “Alfredo” (Vegan)
15 Mardi Gras Recipes, 10 King Cake Recipes, and 5 Mardi Gras Drink Recipes
Visit www.lanyardelegance.com We design Swarovski Crystal Lanyards for the professional woman
Visit www.lanyardelegance.com We design Elegant Lanyards for the professional woman #wantthisbeautifultop.
Black Contrast Mesh Yoke Backless Pleated Dress
Ponte Vecchio, Florence, Italy
Bohemian
Cute! Visit www.lanyardelegance.com for Swarovski Crystal Beaded Lanyards for women
Gorgeous fashion - Fashion Jot- Latest Trends of Fashion
Grey Comfy Tee with Black Lace Details on Back- hello lace
Red~Visit www.lanyardelegance.com for beautiful Swarovski Crystal Lanyards for women.
Asian Lemon Chicken Tenders
So Many~Visit www.lanyardelegance.com for beautiful Swarovski Crystal Lanyards for women.
No Bake S'mores Pie - Easy Dessert Recipes- Chocolate, Marshmallows, Cool Whip, Graham Cracker #KraftEssentials #Cbias #Shop
Stylish Jeans with Comfy T-Shirt, Leopard Clutch Bag, Accessories and High Heel Shoes
Summer~Visit www.lanyardelegance.com for beautiful and elegant Crystal Eyeglass Holders and Beaded Lanyards for women.
#quilted #crossbody #StyleSeeker
Must have cowboy boots and jean jacket for a maxi in the fall - look from  Boston Proper
Bridal Ruched Octopus Infinity/ Convertible Wrap Gown with Train
Not so traditional, unique engagement rings for the modern bride.
10 Outdoor DIY Projects That Inspire Beauty & Relaxation
"Untitled #119" by susanapereira on Polyvore
Studs
Spring Prints Are Here!
Babydoll~Visit www.lanyardelegance.com for beautiful Beaded Lanyards and Crystal Eyeglass Holders for women.
Black V Neck Batwing Sleeve Loose Chiffon Blouse
OBSESSED!!!
Tulle.
The Someday Jumpsuit by Finders Keepers
Emmy DE * Camogli, Italy
Chocolate and orange are perfect together in these Orange scented chocolate chip scones!
Flannel
Kyoto Japan
Sunflower Field near San Gimignano, Tuscany
Lovely Spring Dress
Chic
5 Cool Birthday Gifts For Men
White Chicken Chili- serve with corn bread or warm tortillas
.
Robe jaune beurre frais Yves. #Modest doesn't mean frumpy! #DressingWithDignity on.fb.me/1lfqxT2
Hunter Wellies~Visit www.lanyardelegance.com for beautiful Elegant Lanyards and Crystal Eyeglass holders for women.
Dress Code~Visit www.lanyardelegance.com for beautiful Beaded Lanyards and Crystal Eyeglass holders for women.
Casual outfit
Wear pink maxi as a skirt, with b&w high skinny neck crop
Princess Tulle Skirt + Navy Sweater + Statement Necklace
Mountain Sunrise Reflection | Arches National Park | Utah | Photo By Harry Spitz
Wawel Castle in Kraków - one of our five luxury for less city break destinations. #luxurytravel
Introducing Botanica, c+i's Fall 2014 collection. Shop the stunning new jewels on my boutique today!
Big Discount Michael Kors Jet Set Striped Travel Medium Black White Totes With Top Material Online Sale For You!
Funky hippie tie dyed shirt for a modern boho chic look with long layered necklaces for a gypsy spirit style. FOLLOW http://www.pinterest.com/happygolicky/the-best-boho-chic-fashion-bohemian-jewelry-gypsy-/ for the BEST Bohemian fashion trends in clothing & jewelry.
Class~Visit www.lanyardelegance.com for Beaded Lanyards and Crystal Eyeglass Holders for women. Lanyards, ID Badge Holders, Crystal Lanyards, Women's Lanyards, Fancy Lanyards.
'Emma' Gradient Frame Cat Eye Clear Glasses - Tortoise/Teal ......Ummmmm yes please!
Emmy DE * Double explosion ~ aurora borealis reflection on mirror-like water, Icleand by Mauro La Malva
A Walk in the Park
Hey, I found this really awesome Etsy listing at https://www.etsy.com/listing/175485186/harem-pantsyoga-pantsaladdin-pantsboho
Tampere, Finland
 
Fall street style fashion Zara Navy Blue Modern Cut Blazer by Fashion Hippie Loves
The Four Seasons, Nevis
For the Love of Food: Banana Bread Waffles
I’m increasingly convinced that, especially for busy Moms, traveling solo every once in a while is a very healthy thing to do.  Here's why you should consider booking a yoga retreat on your own!   #yoga #om #yogaretreat #health #wellness #travel #wanderlust #loveandlight #namaste
Emmy DE * Eilean Donan Castle, Scotland
Emmy DE * Winter in Japan
Apple Rose Tart with Walnut Crust & Maple Custard by bakingamoment #Tart #Apple
#China #Travels: 37 Top #Amazing, #Exotic and Enchanting With #Memmorable #Journeys
The Perfect Thanksgiving Outfit. Minus the shoes and scarf. Add cute leather boots and a couple simple gold necklaces.
A series where the best content from our sister, Linxspiration, is rounded up in a large image based post. Make sure to check it out if you’re into fine living, style and general luxury .
white bride veiled skull cap Bachelorette knit cap by Beyondaveil
Garlic Butter Shrimp - An amazing flavor combination of garlicky, buttery goodness - so elegant and easy to make in 20 min or less! / #lowcarb shared on https://facebook.com/lowcarbzen
"Noha" by stylisheve on Polyvore
8 Super Simple Sauerkraut Recipes
Geirangerfjord, Norway
Ask me about Jamberry Nail wraps! Email: elizabethchavezjams@gmail.com. Website: http://elizabethchavezjams.jamberrynails.net/ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ElizabethJams jamberry jamicure manicure nails nail wraps nail designs summer beauty
Santorini
Crazy Bathroom
heart....falling for you
_style-angela-simmons-fashion-bomb-daily-new-balance-sneakers-citizens-humanity-jeans
Totally want these! My friend Heidi makes them and they're gorgeous and she's amazing!
Blue and white short dress,red dresses,blue dresses,black dresses,ladies maxi dresses,short dresses,long dresses,high heel shoes,coat fashion,latest fashion
crop it like it's hot. #FridaAasen #offduty in NYC.
Vintage Gold Tone Rhinestone Stones Cuff Bracelet
Off-duty models: Miranda Kerr (L) and Alessandra Ambrosio were seen relaxing separately on Friday after the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show
Vintage Silver Tone Enamel Fish Ring, Adjustable Size
|Lilshawtybad|
Striped Skirt and Neon Pink Pumps & Accessories + a GIVEAWAY! (ends 3/10) - Glamour-Zine
Peach and White French Nail Tutorial - 16 Trending Beauty Tutorials to Look for in 2015! | GleamItUp
Love this outfit!
Snowy night in Moscow • photo: Seleniya on 99px
Stunning Makeup Contouring Before And After  http://bit.ly/1Lf8ok3
Emmy DE * The Badlands of South Dakota at dusk
Blue Moon Valley, China
hot pink layered necklace
How to Tip In Europe
Blog: From Fed Square to St-Kilda, from the Eureka Skydeck to Rap Jumping in Southbank, Melbourne City Sightseeing Bus is the best way to discover Melbourne!  Kickstart your own adventure: http://www.backpackerdeals.com/
High waisted bikini. Where to get this swimwear?
Totaly Outdoors: The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort in Cancun
Horseback Riding in Siem Reap Cambodia. #horseriding #riding #siemreap #cambodia #travel #adventure #divergenttravel
I want this outfit in my closet. loose top with flare jeans
Fashionable Mom Faux Pas Fixes :: Tips and tricks to stay stylish for busy moms
"Casual Spring Day.." by maria-garza on Polyvore i would want a different purse with it
Love this dress
Tranquil... Ode to morning.
Andalusia, Spain
Summer outfit
Ruth's Chris New Orleans-Style BBQ Shrimp - It was quick and super easy to recreate. If you are sick of eating the same proteins, give this a try. Your tastebuds will thank you!.
Mini Chicken Parmesan Meatloaf Cupcakes
Glowing Lights of Hamburg, Germany
How to get those yellow stains out of clothes and linens that have been in storage.
Emmy DE * Sardinia, Italy
PEANUT BUTTER CHEESECAKE OVER PEANUT BUTTER CUPS SITTING ON A GRAHAM CRACKER CRUST & THEN TOPPED WITH PEANUT BUTTER GANACHE AND A CHOCOLATE DRIZZLE!
Emmy DE * Ulvik, Norway
Nice, France (by miniHessel)
London Scout & Sai on Instagram: “Guess who went roller skating for the first time! Follow us on snapchat to see today's adventures. Outfit from @yporquekids #derbygirl #scoutthecity”
Cajun Chicken & Rice Recipe. Only 6 ingredients. Perfect quick and easy weeknight meal! Great for using up boneless skinless chicken breasts.
black on black
☆
Dress Codes for the Business Professional - La Petite Fashionista: Dress Codes Decoded: Business Professional Attire
♡
Calypso Cay Resort, Kissimmee, Florida: A Review | CosmosMariners.com
31 Trim and Healthy Breakfast Ideas - gluten-free, sugar-free, clean eating, and many Paleo recipes! Works perfectly for Trim Healthy Mama - S,E, and FP.
"Untitled #401" by worldsbiggestdiva on Polyvore
Snickers Cheesecake Bars ~ a crunchy Oreo crust is topped with a decadent layer of Snickers-studded cheesecake, drizzled with smooth chocolate and gooey caramel, and then sprinkled with salty chopped peanuts!
Adobong Sitaw Filipino Recipe
In love with this embroidered romper by Alice McCall.
2014 Valentine’s Day Shopping Guides: Lingerie for $500 & Above - http://www.thelingerieaddict.com/2014/01/2014-valentines-day-shopping-guides-lingerie-500.html
Blogger Mom Fashion Style
DENY Designs Aimee St Hill Fall Stripe Throw Pillow - Orange (20"x20")
cipolle al couscous
Fall Harvest Salad with Maple Vinaigrette
Toddler Boy Crafts
17 Single-Serving Comfort Foods Literally Anyone Can Make
Valentine's Playlist | 40 Romantic Songs For Your Wedding | Bridal Musings Wedding Blog
The+Turkey+Ticket
How to Brine a Turkey From WholesomeMommy.com
Giants Causeway, Northern Ireland visit our blog for more Ireland travel inspiration and see what it was like to explore Ireland’s Causeway Coast- Giant’s Causeway, Dark Hedges & Belfast http://www.divergenttravelers.com/irelands-causeway-coast-giants-causeway-dark-hedges-belfast/
Chinese Eggplant with Garlic Sauce
How to Make a Baked Sweet Potato in the Microwave – Clean Eating Veggie Girl
"Gold and Black" by fashion-766 on Polyvore Clothes Casual Outift for • teens • movies • girls • women •. summer • fall • spring • winter • outfit ideas • dates • parties Polyvore :) Catalina Christiano
Blanket Scarf On Navy Swing Dress Fall Street Style Inspo by Southern Curls and pearls
Keep on track with Kelli Couture's stylish Fall & Winter Fashions #kellicouture, #fallFashions
Homemade Macaroni & Cheese with a secret ingredient! This is super creamy and delicious! I don't think I'll ever try the boxed mac n cheese again after eating this
How to Cook the Perfect Chicken Breast
Long, lightweight and sheer, this black-and-white shirt covers all the right angles.
4 Ingredient Slow Cooker Macaroni and Cheese- is so easy to make and tastes great. | Thirty Handmade Days
Casual outfit
4b0f7791e976cd329f999f736ad77544.jpg (533×800)
20 Interesting Cauliflower Rice Recipes
Moist Whole Wheat Strawberry Banana Muffins | www.joyfulhealthyeats.com
Baking Soda Dough
Disney World for a honeymoon? If done the right way, Disney World can be magical for everyone! Book a couple's massage at Senses - A Disney Spa at the Grand Floridian Resort * Honeymoon & Luxury Travel Guide for Walt Disney World, Orlando, Florida
gorgeous!
This Pepperoni Pizza Football Cheese Ball is my new favorite thing! Super easy to make and a total showstopper! Make this for your next game day celebration and watch the crowd go wild!
tbex manila 2016 silverbackpacker.com
Rum Chata Recipes
Eggplant-based veggie burgers are topped with sweet salty honey-beer glazed caramelized shallots and a layer of melted cheese to make plant-based burger that you won’t forget.
✝Pinterest: @natlopez14
I cooked my first real meal yesterday but I needed a little help. Everyone chipped in because I was actually getting a bit wiped out while running around in the kitchen. Bill and Natalie were champs!! Liam… played on his iPad. He had THINGS to do. hahahha Anyway – here is the recipe. ONE MISTAKE I HAVE TO NOTE: I used bone-in chicken. HORRIBLE mistake. It all separated and I had to pull the bones out before I served to the family. Learn from my mistake. All in – the entire meal took ...
Polychrome Pass, Denali National Park, Alaska
lace dress, love it all
The latest in lace for spring 2016? Bolder, bigger ribbons for a vintage-inspired vibe. #trendalert
9 castles you cannot miss in Ireland. Of course, you’ll find many others along the way, some in ruins, some on private property and some abandoned. Take them all in and just enjoy being in Ireland, there is no better place on earth to indulge in your castle daydreams. Click to read the full adventure travel blog post at  http://www.divergenttravelers.com/9-castles-you-cannot-miss-ireland/
"Untitled #1697" by whokd ❤ liked on Polyvore featuring R13 and Dsquared2
Plant-o-pedia: Split Leaf Philodendron
Scoot Biz is owned by Singapore Airlines and comes at a budget price. But how good is it really?
NWTCute Triangl Bikini Super cute black & white Top size Large. Blue bottoms size Medium. Comes with the bag Selling on ♍️ercari ⚓️ triangl swimwear Swim Bikinis
Wondering how much it costs to travel Myanmar? Check this guide out: http://aworldofbackpacking.com/uk/rejsebudget-for-myanmar/
Beautiful old lady - Thailand
What You Don’t Know About DCC Could Cost You Hundreds of Dollars in Credit Card Fees - Nomad Wallet Read here: http://www.nomadwallet.com/credit-card-travel-fees-dcc/
Ossie Clark Chiffon Crepe Tulip Print Dress English, circa 1973 fashion style vintage 70s designer floral long gown maxi dress black red green yellow 30s
reasons why botswana is a unique travel destination
Stone Pendant Earring
Avocado Egg Salad
Spending A Day In Disneyland Paris: Disneyland
Link Party Palooza Party Time! - Somewhat Simple
.
Staircase at Ca Segredo Hotel in Venice • original source not found
<3 This outfit. Now if only I can actually find it! lol
White Shift Dress by Sincerely Jules
Heavenly Playsuit
Emmy DE * Jimmy Choo 'Vivien' 2016
San Francisco Museum of Modern Art.
Grace a cocktail party with sophistication by donning this pastoral print magic dress.
How I manage to travel the world without quitting my job
SEMI-CIRCULAR SWEDISH SUMMERHOUSE
Wow. If this isn’t the perfect carry on, I don’t know what is! Spacious enough to fit all your in-flight necessities while not being too big or bulky, the Walking in the Air Tote Bag is a super practical, cute, must-have travel tote. It has pockets galore made to fit your 15 inch laptop, electronics, several outfits, books, hats, cosmetics, and more! It also has a special bottom compartment designed to fit shoes and other heavy items such as towels and gear! Go check out this one-of-a-kind bag!
This summer upgrade your typical alfresco affair and dine aboard a 10,000-square-foot yacht at Pier 81 on the Hudson, in New York! This 3-story seafood lounge and restaurant features a 3000-square-foot deck and a seafood centric menu.
Ever wanted to do a super unique experience? Glassblowing is all of that and more. Experience the thrill of making your own craft that will last hundreds and thousands of years! TheThirstyTourist.com
I came, I saw, I made it awkward.
Suomenlinna, Helsinki, Finland, is a maritime fortress located off the coast. People were sunbathing, children playing, and there seemed to be a wedding taking place! We were very lucky with the weather and seriously enjoyed just walking around
Lantern Festival in Thailand
1 Month Itinerary in the Philippines, featuring Bohol, Siquijor, Malapascua, Apo Island, Dauin and Danjugan Island! Plus great hotels in Manila and Mactan/Cebu!
You are going to rock this Irregular Top! Gradient color & High low design can cheer you up immediately. It's casual yet oh so chic!
A super functional travel carry-all! On the outside the Better Together Daily Wallet looks like an unassuming (but cute) pouch. But open it up to find so much more! There are plenty of card slots and pockets to hold your pens, cash, hotel key, passport, phone, tickets, and more! The zipper closure and wrist strap ensure all your necessities are safely secured at all times. It even comes with a notepad that fits perfectly inside! Prepare yourself for your next travel adventures and check it out!
The luxury suite at the Four Seasons Nevis is one of the most gorgeous hotel rooms I've ever laid my eyes on!
blush dress. pleated up, adorable for whole night!
16 full color printable pages to get your organized for the holidays. Get your free printable holiday planner today!
Gotta love this bass clef ring!
How I quit my job to travel the world
You must be wonder why you have to visit Amsterdam if you’re traveling Europe? You will be astonished by the facts and reasons stated in this article. #Amsterdam #Travel #Europe
"give some credit where it's due" by kierstinmoyers ❤ liked on Polyvore featuring RVCA, Birkenstock, Mura, Kendra Scott, women's clothing, women, female, woman, misses and juniors
Maxi Floral Skirt
Beautiful gold ring
Foxy, Fat, and FABULOUS! | A plus size girl with a knack for fashion. From hair and makeup to weight loss and food.
There's something about New York City - the energy, the noise, the iconic buildings....You truly feel at the top of the world!
Summer outfit
Elegant Elbe River Cruise with Viking River Cruises. We wanted to do something different, take a river that was less traveled and offered less commercial ports of call to explore. This wasn’t an easy task but the moment we found the Poland, Prague and the Elegant Elbe itinerary on the Viking River Cruises website, we knew it was the river cruise we had been looking for. Click to read more at http://www.divergenttravelers.com/elbe-river-cruise-viking-river-cruises/
"Oversized rust cardigan & plaid blanket scarf" by steffiestaffie on Polyvore featuring Ð¼Ð¾Ð´Ð°, American Eagle Outfitters, Zara и Sole Society
Two days on Jeju Island, South Korea. #travel #korea #jeju #island #waterfall
The fabulous Constance Halaveli, in the Maldives, is on a smaller island and is beautifully kept. We stayed in a water villa with a pool and it was fantastic!
Love, love, love!!
BLACK LINEN JUMPSUIT JUMPER #UNIQUE_WOMENS_FASHION…
Carry a hair elastic on your wrist in a way that’s elegant AND keeps your wrist indent-free.
#fall #fashion / plaid shirt + gray
7 Ways to Experience Central Sri Lanka
Meine Packliste für Reisen mit Handgepäck mit einem Maximalgewicht von 6 kg.
How to Thrive in South Korea: 97 Tips from Expats by Jackie Bolen…
Diane von Furstenberg 'Lucy' Blouson Jumpsuit | Nordstrom
@holliewdwrd Instagram casual look
Become a print-mixing pro.
What to buy in Moscow? This Moscow shopping guide brings highlight upon some of the classiest and most traditional Russian products that you might wish to have back home from a trip to Russia!
All that you need to know to travel in Cambodia. Backpacking Cambodia: A Full Travel Guide via @gamintraveler
.
|| Rita and Phill specializes in custom skirts. Follow Rita and Phill for more tips on the unwritten rules of office fashion! https://www.pinterest.com/ritaandphill/business-casual-for-casual-offices?
Tips for driving in #CostaRica - watch out for the cows!
Saint-Émilion, Bordeaux, France, which is magnifique! It is one  of the principal red wine aras of Bordeaux and is also a UNESCO world heritage site. AND it's seriously pretty!
12 Days of Christmas-Days 1-8
BP Oysterette, Santa Monica, California is really nice, offering lobster rolls, oysters, and lobster mac & cheese.
If you visit the hammams in Andalusia, it will be different than at home. I share the answers to the awkward questions uour afraid to ask about the hammam in Granada and Cordoba.
16 People Who Really Shouldn't Be Wearing That
Bagnaia is a small village in the Viterbo region of Italy. It's situated between Rome and Florence, and is home to the dramatic gardens of Villa Lante. From here you can also visit the popular thermal baths. Click and find out why you shouldn't miss a visit to Bagnaia during your next Italian Holiday! @venturists
From the vibrant hues of Glacier National Park’s lakes and the endless rolling hills of Yellowstone to the brimming glacial landscape of the Rocky Mountains, there isn’t a stunning landscape among the U.S. National Parks that you’ll want to miss.
The formal Conservatory Garden is one of Central Park's greatest treasures. Each takes on a different design style: Italian, English, and French. These six acres feature trickling fountains, inviting park benches, and manicured flora.
Pineapple Cake w/ cream cheese frosting
HO Model Train Room Waterfall #ho model train #waterfall #craft #utah
How to make Chalkboard Paint in any color. #Chalkboard paint #retireforthefunofit.com
DIY Halloween Lanterns! #plastic cups # led lights
Herb Infused Olive Oil Favors
Back To School Free Printable: School Lunch Sticky Notes - Make kids day with these fun and encouraging notes! Click now!
Trim painting made easy! whatttt
Skinny Pumpkin Granola
13 Freezer Meals in 2 hours! | Sunny Day Family
Gourmet Lemon Cupcakes with Blackberry Frosting
caramel apple crisp bites
how to make a quiet book the no sew way with PowerfulMothering.com
PUFF PASTRY APPLE TURNOVERS - StoneGable
Spicy Garlic Edamame – extremely addicting!
Stem Challenge: Building Structures with Candy Pumpkins
Christmas Crack. If you've never tried this you're missing out! Really easy recipe and always a hit at home! | Lovefoodies.com
One Pot Chili Mac and Cheese
New trending story from Sports Illustrated : Watch: Arkansas beats Ole Miss in overtime in wild sequence https://t.co/LwvJNr45b4
News from Computer Club: Mississippi Flag a Rebel Holdout Is in a New Fight With the closing of the polls on Tu https://t.co/u2QztjCRgq
Welcome to computer club! Please take a few minutes to submit feedback at https://t.co/CsWFscZgo8
Christmas pickle tradition
News from Computer Club: The House That Julia Built La Pitchoune which became Julia Child's link with France and https://t.co/XygYyWJjJ1
Corn Chowder ~ A lactose-free, creamy and delicious corn chowder with bacon, potatoes & seasonings!
Computer tips at https://t.co/uvElCgTNMY : New trending GIF tagged dancing jennifer lopez american idol jlo a https://t.co/2I8u3AnG2X
Extra Crispy Sweet Potato Wedges - oven baked and made with simple ingredients. These are SO addicting! Minus the sugar.
Blueberry Oatmeal Crumble Bars - Fast, easy, no-mixer bars great for breakfast, snacks, or a healthy dessert! BIG crumbles and juicy berries are irresistible!!
Computer tips at https://t.co/uvElCgTNMY : New trending GIF tagged 90s dancing happy vintage excited interne https://t.co/NQHbKWgnCt
Retweet our posts and surprise your fans!!! Don't forget to follow us because we will mention you in a tweet if you do!!!
Computer tips at https://t.co/uvElCgTNMY : New trending GIF tagged 90s music video christmas mtv retro 1990s https://t.co/goxfssf3KP
Orange Cornmeal Cake ~ Orange cornmeal cake recipe, kind of a cross between a coffee cake and cornbread.  Light, moist, not too sweet.  ~ SimplyRecipes.com
Flourless Apple Cinnamon Muffins
Computer tips at https://t.co/uvElCgTNMY : New trending GIF tagged dancing kristen wiig hippie bonnaroo new a https://t.co/Q9UW12EnU2
Weekly Menu Plan #30 Weight Watchers
Chocolate Poke Cake - so moist and to die for!
If you like chile rellenos, you will LOVE this Chile Relleno Casserole! It's quick, easy and tastes just like the chile relleno dish at your favorite Mexican food restaurant! Plus, it's inexpensive and feeds a big family!
Make these adorable DIY Lightsaber Party Favors for your next Star Wars party - or just for fun!
Mud Hut Diamond Rug
Shared from Pinster
Fresh vegetable salad avocado cucumber tomato
Bananas Foster Chia Seed Pudding
Baked Tostones | Skinnytaste
Better Homes and Gardens Ceramic Geometric Votive Candle Holders, Set of 2 - Walmart.com
Learn more about fingerprints and play detective in your own home!
Italian Lemon Pound Cake. Out of all the recipes on my blog, this is the most popular one. I love to serve this cake at summer barbecues. It is so soft and moist, everybody will be asking be asking for the recipe!
Super Easy Slow Cooker General Tso’s Chicken. Way better (and healthier) than takeout!
Mostly Homemade Mom: Cheesy Bacon Zucchini Skins
Easy Tin Foil Sausage and Veggies Dinner
Cold Cucumber Soup | by Sonia! The Healthy Foodie
Pumpkin Sage Biscuits
Pumpkin Breakfast Cookies - healthy make-ahead breakfast in the form of…
Montessori method offers such a wide range of amazing experiences for children. Child’s work is their play. Generally children do not need stimulation or encouragement, they naturally gravitate to activities that reflect their interest and enrich passion for learning. Senses play such a huge role in their learning. All materials and activities that are …
Goat Cheese 1-2
Pumpkin Bread Truffles | From SugarHero.com
You might have all the ingredients for this easy Mexican sour cream dip recipe in your kitchen right now This recipe is an all-time reader favorite!
Garden Ridge $100 for an 8x10 rug.
baked taco dip
Sleeveless Molded-Seam Dress, Navy by Prabal Gurung at Neiman Marcus.
1969 resolution moto pull-on legging
Homemade Peace & Calming
Rise and Stride: Walk Off Up to 10 Pounds in 28 Days | SparkPeople
Quick and Easy Brownies {Like a Box Mix!}
Elf-on-the-Shelf-Ideas-1.jpg (2342×2400)
Reindeer Poop Poem Free Printables
Snowman Donuts - Cupcake Diaries
Chicken Pot Pie Casserole - Super simple weeknight family meal idea.
homemade pasta recipe
SheaMoisture African Black Soap Clarifying Mud Mask - 6 oz
Chai Spice Smoothie
FREE bathroom printable!! Checking Out the Bathroom with Cottonelle Clean Care #cbias #CottonelleRoutine
Michael Symon helped a family prepare the ultimate holiday meal, complete with a Greens Stuffed Brisket.
Honey Chipotle Chicken | www.deliciousmeetshealthy.com
Who does not love eating cookie dough straight from the bowl? These easy, egg-free Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Truffles make the best homemade food gifts! ~ http://www.garnishwithlemon.com
Healthy Easy Granola Bars | JUST FIVE INGREDIENTS
Delicious homemade blueberry syrup. Only three ingredients. Perfect for pancakes, waffles, or even over ice cream!
This EASY stromboli only calls for 5 ingredients and can be done in about 35 minutes! Plus you can make it your own by adding your favorite pizza toppings!
Tomato Ricotta Phyllo Tart | girlversusdough.com @girlversusdough
Crockpot Zucchini Chicken Parmesan
Hotel Del Coronado ice rink
Défi 30 jours : quel défi fitness pour mon corps ?
Hello everyone! Jillee’s daughter-in-law Kaitlyn here – I’m taking over today’s post because Jill had to have a last-minue procedure done on her shoulder yesterday. Don’t worry  – it wasn’t anything serious and by the time you read this she’ll probably be feeling much better.  But unfortunately when we were working on today’s post her right arm …
Banana Bread Biscotti.
Pumpkin Pie Cheesecake Dip
Need a dessert that is delicious and simple? Then you don't want to miss this Crock Pot Peaches 'n Cream Dump Cake! Oh. My. Yum!
Crock Pot Korean Gochujang Pork is crazy tender and slightly sweet, smoky, and a little spicy. It's a super easy dinner recipe that you will LOVE!
Copy Cat Olive Garden Pasta Fagioli
Make sure you stock up on these pens and watch out so they don't get stolen! #PaperMateBTS
Andover Cabinet - Weathered Red finish #potterybarn
Pumpkin Patch Cupcakes
roasted pumpkin and cheese on toast
Perfect for a certain little girls birthday party.
Fabulous!
2012 Southern Living Idea House
Black Bean, Avocado and Brown Rice Chicken Wrap.
Achiote Grilled Fish Tacos
Muffuletta+Dip+|+MyRecipes.com
Silly and Spooky Halloween Treats! via SocialMoms
Fun.
Oh, love this! Good morning kitty, momma and baby!
Dr Suess baby shower
chalkboard Christmas tree
hot chocolate
cozy bedroom white-wide plank wood floors
Pancetta-Wrapped Roasted Turkey from Food & Wine! Wow, would you ever try making? (yes. yes, I would! :)
.
Tangerine Gimlet
west elm
simple toddler crafts for Easter/Spring
spring crafts for kids
Box Canyon Falls, CO
chocolate
kids room..
White Mountains - New Hampshire
French apple and cinnamon tart
Five beats of successful storytelling
How to Make Your Own Homemade Non-Toxic Weed Killer on www.twokidsandacoupon.com
Cargos + Isabel Marant heels
Christian Louboutin Iriza Glitter / Party Shoes / Red Magazine
Roasted Butternut Squash Pasta with Ricotta and Toasted Walnuts | Creative-Culinary.com
Try these easy no-bake Peanut Butter Granola Bars for a yummy after-school treat.
How To Promote Your Business With Pinterest - infographic ~ Digital Information World
Howland Hill Road Redwood Trees. Jedediah Redwoods State Park, California! #WagonSpotting
cherry sauce, cherry recipes, cherry sauce recipe, relationship advice
Croque-Madame with Roasted Asparagus
Salt, Sugar, Flour Toddler Science Experiment -
5 yoga mistakes you're making #yoga #workout
Salted Caramel Brownies | mybakingaddiction.com
How to make a stone birdhouse...Don't really need a bird house, but thought with a little tweaking of the design, could make a great fairy house!
Top 4 Reasons This Doctor Eats Organic (Plus- Avoid these 12 items w/ Most Pesticides) #GMO #Pesticides #Health #Cancer #Parkinsons #Autism
Sleeping Beauty Movie Bingo for Kids!
Fun! 4 Perfect Big Game Quarters & A Halftime of Fun for Kids! #eBayGuides #BigGame #Kids #Moms
#AlexanderSweeps Twitter Party 2/10, 4-5pm PST! Join us for a chance to win a $250 #Disney Store GC! RSVP: bit.ly/rsvpalex
LinkedIn Tips To Grow Your Business
Learn How To Dominate Pinterest NOW Before Your Competition Does!★Master Pinterest Social Media Marketing For Your Business★Use must use this Pinterest Checklist to avoid missing important steps to a successful Pinterest account.★
32 Do's and Don'ts for Your B2B Pinterest Strategy - Tailwind Blog: Pinterest Analytics and Marketing Tips, Pinterest News - Tailwindapp.com
Well laid out infographic showing 10 ways to use (up to 6 now) Pinterest secret boards from @Y Wilson TV
One-Pot Creamy Spinach Lentils - These Thai-style lentils are stewed in creamy peanut butter and coconut milk.  They're a vegetarian, one pot wonder that is perfect for Meatless Monday! | Foodfaithfitness.com | @FoodFaithFit
Brunch So Hard Graphic Muscle Oxblood - Fifth Sun
50 healthy work lunch ideas - FamilyFreshMeals.com
Best EVER chili! This is our favorite chili recipe of all time. We make this delicious soup multiple times every winter.
Dip Mix Ornaments!
Christmas Crack. If you've never tried this you're missing out! Really easy recipe and always a hit at home! | Lovefoodies.com
Cheesy Chicken Spaghetti Casserole - chicken, spaghetti, cream of chicken soup, sour cream, butter, seasonings, Parmesan and cheddar cheese -THE BEST! We make this once a month! Makes a great freezer meal!
salted chocolate pecan pie bars I howsweeteats.com
Pinterest for Authors Jay Artale Pin Descriptions. If you want to get found for a specific niche (e.g. Young Adult) make sure the content of your pin is instantly recognizable from the Pin Description. This pin shows examples of good vs bad pin descriptions. Guest Article from @Bibliocruch by Jay Artale.
Champagne Punch Bellini made with just 3 ingredients!
Oreo Truffles Recipe | Oreo Cake Ball Recipe! | Moms Need To Know ™
Mediterranean Baked Sweet Potatoes | Minimalist Baker Recipes
French Grandmother's Lemon Yogurt Cake - a fabulous cake with a really fun history. It's  moist and super delicious and it can be thrown together in minutes!
Picture by @hana__kitty
Chipboard letter Z
public park wedding
7 books that will make you a better human
OFFERTE DI TURISMO IN SARDEGNA: http://ift.tt/23nmf3B - #traveloffers #holiday  La scorsa estate un fantastico tramonto ad Alghero  #ricordi #alghero #sunset #sunset_madness #sunsetlovers #sardegnaofficial #sardegna_bestsunset #sardegna_super_pics #lanuovasardegna #sardegnaexperience #sardiniamylove #sardiniaexperience #sardinia_exp #sardiniaphotos #italiainunoscatto #lavitainunoscatto #panoramimeridionali #sardegnacountry #vsco #vscocam #vscogood #sardegnageograpich #nature #love #italia_bestsunset #focusardegna: foto presente anche su http://ift.tt/1tOf9XD | by http://ift.tt/1ni3fT5 - January 25 2016 at 03:02PM - by http://ift.tt/20nJEzx e #traveloffers #holiday | offerte di turismo in Sardegna http://ift.tt/23nmf3B -
by http://ift.tt/1OJSkeg - Sardegna turismo by italylandscape.com #traveloffers #holiday | Capocaccia #all_shots #amazing #art #awesome #alghero #beach #bestoftheday #sassari #blue #cloudporn #clouds #colorful #cool #igersassari #sky #skyporn #follow #pic #followme #bluesky #capture #fun #igers #sea #sardegna #sunset #sardegna_super_pics #igersardegna #capocaccia #lanuovasardegna Foto presente anche su http://ift.tt/1tOf9XD | January 26 2016 at 02:08PM (ph julykasul89 ) | #traveloffers #holiday | INSERISCI ANCHE TU offerte di turismo in Sardegna http://ift.tt/23nmf3B -
by http://ift.tt/1OJSkeg - Sardegna turismo by italylandscape.com #traveloffers #holiday | Baia Ostina Castelsardo in una foto di Giuseppe Demuro @giuseppedemuro pubblicata da Igers Sassari @igers_sassari Mostrate la bellezza dei vostri territori delle tradizioni e dei luoghi storici usando la tag #lanuovasardegna. Le foto più belle (possibilmente quadrate) verranno pubblicate sul nostro profilo Instagram @lanuovasardegna e rilanciate su Facebook e Twitter Foto presente anche su http://ift.tt/1tOf9XD | January 31 2016 at 11:08PM (ph lanuovasardegna ) | #traveloffers #holiday | INSERISCI ANCHE TU offerte di turismo in Sardegna http://ift.tt/23nmf3B -
by http://ift.tt/1OJSkeg - Sardegna turismo by italylandscape.com #traveloffers #holiday | #sardegna#tradizione#lanuovasardegna #sardegna_geographic_official #volgosardegna #sardegnabestcountry #focus_sardegna#loves _sardegna Foto presente anche su http://ift.tt/1tOf9XD | February 03 2016 at 09:04AM (ph leonilucia1965 ) | #traveloffers #holiday | INSERISCI ANCHE TU offerte di turismo in Sardegna http://ift.tt/23nmf3B -
by http://ift.tt/1UEB2B2 - Venezia turismo by italylandscape.com #traveloffers #holiday | L' eleganza #ballerina #dancer #Venezia #Venice #ig_venezia #igersvenezia #igersveneto #igersitalia #igersitaly #vscovenezia #vscoitaly #vscocamphotos #vascocam #piazzasanmarco #portici #portego #maschereveneziane #maschera #CarnevaleVenezia2016 #carnevale #carnival Foto presente anche su http://ift.tt/1VDODst | February 04 2016 at 01:49PM (ph ransie87) | #traveloffers #holiday | by http://ift.tt/20nJEzx
by http://ift.tt/1UEB2B2 - Venezia turismo by italylandscape.com #traveloffers #holiday | While in #venice walk towards the less touristy area away from Piazza San Marco to #pontedellaccademia and spend the evening watching the activity at the #grandcanal at sunset. #ig_venice #veniceitaly #venezia #ig_venezia #igersvenezia #italy #iloveitaly #italia #travel #traveler #travelgram #mytravelgram #mytraveldiary #mytravel Foto presente anche su http://ift.tt/1VDODst | February 10 2016 at 04:46AM (ph re_ed) | #traveloffers #holiday | by http://ift.tt/20nJEzx
by http://ift.tt/1OJSkeg - Sardegna turismo by italylandscape.com #traveloffers #holiday | Amo la limpidezza del mio mare #limpido #tuerredda #Chia #domusdemaria #cagliari #sardegna #mare #lanuovasardegna #focusardegna #sardegnaofficial #insardinia #volgosardegna #sardegnasuperpics Foto presente anche su http://ift.tt/1tOf9XD | February 11 2016 at 02:42PM (ph gabry_pin ) | #traveloffers #holiday | INSERISCI ANCHE TU offerte di turismo in Sardegna http://ift.tt/23nmf3B -
by http://ift.tt/1UEB2B2 - #Genova #Liguria by italylandscape.com #traveloffers #holiday | It's #shooting Time!  Una piccola #preview degli scatti #ootd per San Valentino in un meraviglioso locale di Genova @_capoverde_  Guardate cosa c'é in giardino!  #shoesbagsandcakes #outfitoftheday #outfit #fashion #beauty #blog #blogger #fashionable #fashionblog #fashiongram #fashionista #fashionaddict #fashionblogger #capoverde #fashionbunny #bunnies #coniglietto #red #valentinesday #bloggerlife #lovemywork #igersgenova #beautyaddict #nature #landscape #smile #bunnies #followme Foto presente anche su http://ift.tt/1VDODst | February 10 2016 at 09:59PM (ph federicadamasco) | #traveloffers #holiday | by http://ift.tt/20nJEzx
by http://ift.tt/1UEB2B2 - Venezia turismo by italylandscape.com #traveloffers #holiday | Il mosaico originale bizantino #sanmarco #sanmarcovenezia #basilicadisanmarco #venezia #igersvenezia #instavenice #instadaily #igersdaily #igersgood #instagood #igersitaly #igersitalia #ig_eu #ig_europe #instaita #art #mosaico #venetissimo #veneziadavivere #vivivenezia #VENETO #love_veneto #instagram #veneto #viviveneto Foto presente anche su http://ift.tt/1VDODst | February 10 2016 at 09:19PM (ph sofia_tisato) | #traveloffers #holiday | by http://ift.tt/20nJEzx
by http://ift.tt/1UEB2B2 - Venezia turismo by italylandscape.com #traveloffers #holiday | Venice Canal. #venezia #venice #venecia #italia #italy #igersitalia #igersvenezia #beautifulplace #globalcapture #global_hotshotz #igglobalwomenclub #canon #unknownstagram #ig_cameras_united #instagram #instagrames #exklusive_shot #igmasters #worldnomads #nomadasenruta #fantastic_shotzs #wanderlust #instapassport #seetheworld #travelawesome #eurotrip #m3xtures #architecture Foto presente anche su http://ift.tt/1VDODst | February 12 2016 at 01:14AM (ph oniricspace) | #traveloffers #holiday | by http://ift.tt/20nJEzx
by http://ift.tt/1OJSkeg - Sardegna turismo by italylandscape.com #traveloffers #holiday | La torre di Abbacurrente Platamona in una bella foto di Alice Secchi @alice__s rilanciata dai nostri amici di Igers Sassari @igers_sassari Mostrate la bellezza dei vostri territori delle tradizioni e dei luoghi storici usando la tag #lanuovasardegna. Le foto più belle (possibilmente quadrate) verranno pubblicate sul nostro profilo Instagram @lanuovasardegna e rilanciate su Facebook e Twitter Foto presente anche su http://ift.tt/1tOf9XD | February 13 2016 at 10:22AM (ph lanuovasardegna ) | #traveloffers #holiday | INSERISCI ANCHE TU offerte di turismo in Sardegna http://ift.tt/23nmf3B -
These are the perfect snack, lunch or anytime recipe for Whole30!
by http://ift.tt/1UEB2B2 - #Puglia by italylandscape.com #traveloffers #holiday | #satanello #igerstorino #picoftheday #x-e2 #fujifilm #fujifilm_xseries #18mm #f2 #toroverde #falamiro #slowtatoo #compleanno #1anno @toroverde_torino #torino #quadrilatero Foto presente anche su http://ift.tt/1VDODst | February 13 2016 at 01:39AM (ph satanello) | #traveloffers #holiday | by http://ift.tt/20nJEzx
by http://ift.tt/1UEB2B2 - #Puglia by italylandscape.com #traveloffers #holiday | Casina delle Civette: quando la realtà supera la fantasia! #igersroma #igersitalia #igerslazio #ig_rome #microma #museiincomuneroma #romaeterna #meetrome #noidiroma #romeandyou #cometorome #vivoroma #volgoroma #loves_roma #loves_united_roma #winter4igers #wheninrome #romalovers #volgolazio #lazioisme #direzioneitalia #latergram #loves_madeinitaly #loves_monuments #seetoshare #justgoshoot #instagoodmyphoto #communityfirst #myromanlife #gameoftones Foto presente anche su http://ift.tt/1VDODst | February 13 2016 at 08:49AM (ph miss_patt) | #traveloffers #holiday | by http://ift.tt/20nJEzx
by http://ift.tt/1UEB2B2 - Venezia turismo by italylandscape.com #traveloffers #holiday | Venezia maestosa #venezia #ig_venezia #igersvenezia #loves_venezia #igersveneto #ig_veneto #gondola #grancanale #venice #ig_venice #venicecanals #paesaggio #italia #igersitalia #loves_italia #travelgram #mytravelgram #turistipercaso #ilovethiscity #panorama Foto presente anche su http://ift.tt/1VDODst | February 14 2016 at 12:01AM (ph mishamichela) | #traveloffers #holiday | by http://ift.tt/20nJEzx
by http://ift.tt/1OJSkeg - Sardegna turismo by italylandscape.com #traveloffers #holiday | #sardegna #lamaddalena #sardinia #sardegnageographic #sardegnageograpich  #sardiniamylove #igersardegna #instaitalia #dronefleet #lanuovasardegna #nationalgeographic #droneoftheday #natgeotravel #volgoolbia #volgosardegna #parcolamaddalena #dronegear #сардиния #dronepointofview #smeraldron #budelli #droneitalia #photooftheday #nakedplanet #vacaciones #vacanze #instasardegna #landscape_concept #sardegna_super_pics #loves_sassari @lanuovasardegna Foto presente anche su http://ift.tt/1tOf9XD | February 23 2016 at 07:36PM (ph attornoalleisole ) | #traveloffers #holiday | INSERISCI ANCHE TU offerte di turismo in Sardegna http://ift.tt/23nmf3B -
by http://ift.tt/1UEB2B2 - #Bologna by italylandscape.com #traveloffers #holiday | #bologna#emigliaromagna#volgobologna#volgoitalia#visititalia#volgoemiliaromagna#visitbologna#italianplaces#italia#loves_bologna#loves_emiliaromagna#loves_italia Foto presente anche su http://ift.tt/1VDODst | February 29 2016 at 12:12AM (ph mac.flx) | #traveloffers #holiday | by http://ift.tt/20nJEzx
Easy Easter Egg Wreath
Oldest liked this
by http://ift.tt/1UEB2B2 - #Lombardia #Milano by italylandscape.com #traveloffers #holiday | Expo Milano #ArielDiCapuaPhoto #bestnightpics #expo #expo2015 #expomilano #ig_italy #ig_milan #visit #visitmilano Foto presente anche su http://ift.tt/1VDODst | March 15 2016 at 02:11PM (ph dicapuariel_photo) | #traveloffers #holiday | by http://ift.tt/20nJEzx
Tired of that messy pantry? Save time and money with this simple practical tip for organizing your pantry that really works. It's so easy, you'll be able to keep it organized even with kids!
Books for the Angry & Anxious Child
I need a meal plan! So here's a 2 week meal plan with easy recipes!
9 homemade salad dressing recipes you should know how to make!
Cheater Carrot Cake Cookies using cake Mix
Is your child getting ready to head off to college? Get them ready to do their own laundry with a free printable laundry cheat sheet for college students! #TryMembersMark #ad
The Best Homemade Shower and Tub Cleaner Double or Triple this recipe for a larger tub or shower!
For the love of~ Blue
These darling peppermint striped candlesticks are made from 4 x4 posts, painted, and filled with battery operated tea lights for indoor and outdoor use!
natural room fresheners
These Buckeye Brownies are amazing! Rich chocolate brownies topped with a homemade peanut butter filling and chocolate ganache.
Blueberry-Lavender-Mojito!
Vintage Door Display Seating Cards
What to Wear
in your hands! <3
Outer Hebrides, Scotland
Beautiful clear waters in Ternate Island, North Maluku, Indonesia
Loreto Island, Lake Iseo, Italy
Belizean Cove Estates in Ambergris Caye, Belize
Garden Swing
Fiji
Water lilies, Lake Nong Harn, Thailand
UjENA Summer Bucket List... Travel.  How about Fiji?
Lake Superior
JELL-O Rainbow Popcorn Recipe - Kraft Recipes- cornsyrup
Breakfast Taquitos - You’ll have these freezer-friendly breakfast taquitos ready in just 2 minutes!
Venice in the fog  Did you know there are no cars, all streets end at the canal
The lagoon - Hamilton Pool, Texas. Also halfway between Arlington and Corpus :)
Wine cork guest book
simple succulent wedding cake
#Bali #luxury tree house
Yarn-Snowman.jpg 1,564×2,076 pixels
13 Gorgeous Tidy Tips and Organization Hacks that I can't believe I didn't think of but fit my style perfectly!
I loved these creamy potatoes & peas as a side dish when we were growing up. Of course it tastes best with fresh, garden peas (you will want to blanch them first) but frozen peas work fine too.
diy bathroom mirror
20-Minute Cheesy Chicken Enchilada Soup | gimmesomeoven.com
Fake-Out Starbucks Breakfast Sandwiches | Thriving Home
Dollar-tree-Snowman-salt-and-pepper-shakers.jpg 600×900 pixels
DIY Painted Kitchen Towels {with free SVG files}
Mint Heels on Pinterest | Mint High Heels, Iron Fist Heels and ...
Immune Booster Smoothie
laundry 6
Friends !! Monica's apartment door !!
Comforting Oatmeal Pie that tastes remarkably like pecan pie.
Dark Chocolate Brownies with Peppermint Frosting and Peppermint Kisses
peanut butter mousse made with coconut milk, peanut butter and a agave nectar. Spread it on cakes, muffins and cookies; use as a fruit dip; or as a mousse.
S’mores Fudge Bars
brownies-2
Hawaiian Pasta Salad is literally one of the most delicious cold pasta salad recipes! Pasta combined with ham and sweet pineapple and tossed with a delicious homemade dressing is the perfect combination!
free sewing pattern for this easy girls' play dress pattern in 6 different sizes! 4-14
Kitchen Cheat Sheets
A revelation in flavor and texture, roasted cabbage wedges are easy and…
finished star wire ornaments from www.alyssaandcarla.com
Weight Watchers Cheddar Biscuits
Save time, stress, and vinyl with this one simple trick that I use to help you layer vinyl the easy way. Perfect for designs with multiple colors!
Snack Mix ~ This Snack Mix is like CRACK! So Addictive and Delicious! Full of Cereal, Pretzels, Peanuts, M&Ms and Raisins! Perfect for Christmas and Holiday Parties! ~ http://www.julieseatsandtreats.com
Crockpot Chicken Spaghetti is a perfect weeknight meal that is different than the normal spaghetti!  Cheesy flavor with a little flair!
This is the best coconut cake recipe I’ve ever made. This easy coconut cake is moist and delicious and uses fresh coconut!
PEANUTS® A Charlie Brown Christmas Ornament With Sound,
7 Ingredient Vegan Cheesecake Bites with a Walnut-Date Crust
Grab your free list of excellent resources that will jumpstart any potential blogging career! I've outlined 50 great resources that I'm using right now or that I've used in the past and I really rate. Essential for any potential #GirlBoss. If you're a beginner blogger then this list is for you.
Whether hosting a holiday party, Tacky Christmas party or just want to go BIG… these Giant Balloon Christmas Lights and Ornaments are perfect decorations!
Wire basket love.
Clarks employee Jaclyn K pairs her Water Row boots with denim.
Macaroni & Cheese Chowder
Ben Sherman staffer Mike Smith wears Clarks Originals, as captured by Racked photographers.
Well worn Clarks
Brights.
Vickie's Brown Sugar Ham from Gooseberry Patch's Made from Scratch cookbook.
Green Chile Cheeseburgers Recipe - Saveur.com
#Clarks loafers -- easy for summer Instagram photo by @souljiasheist
I need to get some of these hung in our bathroom & the kids bathroom... and the powder room I guess.
Tiered Pie Plate Stand
Fox Valley, Tour de GiGi's 2012 :: Events.org 5th Annual Charity Bicycle Ride
Prairie Flower Farm: Buttermilk Buscuits
Go Green easily!
Photo by baristaonduty • Instagram
Such a cute idea!
LMAO!!
Yes please!
cheetah and turquoise
Vardges Surenyants , Armenian Artist (1860-1921)
<3
Magic world II. Tone Lepsoes pictures.
Terra Speciosus
-
Simple BBQ "Pulled" Pork in the Crockpot using pork chops.
#repinclarks | Repin to Win with Clarks USA
Rocket Pearl  by Loic Zimmermann
Board followers, this is clearly not a usual pin for this board. But, under the circumstances, please try to post to the busiest boards you know of to get the word out as I think it's important to help in any way we can. AMBER ALERT Issued for Missing 10 Year Old Jessica Ridgeway of Westminster, CO (This Alert can reach more people quicker if everyone re-pins this to their board with the most members...) #amberalert #missingpersons
evrymom:    Dance of color by Vijay Sharon Govender-   So Beautiful!!!!
Recently Updated - Sherry Goshon - Picasa Web Albums
Shocking Images Of Lightning | SMOSH
Twitter / GlobalVernisage: Artists at Work ...
Calm V by Lutton Gant, via Flickr
TGIF
Psychedelic Japanese Art Nouveau
Cheesecake au caramel
Julie (charcoal heightened with white chalk, 26×20) by Juliette Aristides
food art
....
♥
Shadows — Andre Kertesz, 1931
Healthy wrap: 1/2 cup chopped chicken, 3 Tbsp Fuji apples chopped, 2 Tbsp red grapes chopped, 2 tsp honey, 2 Tbsp almond butter. Mix and wrap in a Romaine lettuce leaf.
Man Ray  Objet Mathmatique 1934   Category: Dada
Fruit and Cream Mini-Tarts.  I love making these and they are so yummy!
♥
Vintage Papier 2
c215 and orticanoodles in Milan
Creative
Awesome
Slow-Cooker Barbacoa from Gooseberry Patch cookbook Slow-Cooking All Year 'Round
meisje met de parel in graffity
0613
.
Tallest Building in the World,at Night
Ajde Jano! S)
a Van Gogh I have never seen before
Candied Lemon Zest How-To
Edward Weston
.
.
"lil Gingko" - oil on acrylic and aerosol on 48" x 60" canvas. Available exclusively thru Eden Fine Art, NYC(212) 888-0177. To see a video slideshow of the construction and development of "lil Gingko" click on the Pin!
This kitchen sink drain is looking at you...
Plotterroboter KEN
Brownie-Bottom Coconut Chocolate Cream Cake
crockpot chicken and dumplings
Travel tip! Add a cotton ball or cotton pad to your makeup to keep them from breaking when traveling.
Joe Hill Art - 3D Pavement Art
The Uperside of the Down Syndrome
#cat stretching
Beautiful Nature
New York Cheesecake via Smitten Kitchen
honey sage gin fizz by how sweet it is
Hena Tayeb Photograph Abstract Cherry Red Chinese Lantern
Corn Fritter Recipe
A &  (=•_•= )
<3
English Shortbread Cookies
Vintage Birthday Party
Brownie Batter | #foodprep #dark #dessert
Patriotic Jello Cookies from Munchkin Munchies. What a tasty, fun treat these would be to pack up for a Memorial Day picnic, a 4th of July barbecue, or to pay tribute to Old Glory on  Flag Day. The Jello not only gives them color, but sweet berry flavors as well.
Etam Cru
BLATTON - "CHAMPIONS"
Sunset view from our balcony in Lameya Inn. Rayong. Thailand. FB: TONE LEPSØES PICTURES. And : tonelepsoe.smugmu...
Salty Honey Ice Cream // A Cozy Kitchen
Gooseberry Patch Recipes: Mexican Brunch Casserole from 101 Breakfast & Brunch Recipes Cookbook
ba1969 | ba1969 ~ art / image by Billy Frank Alexander
Childproof... just doesn't seem to work around here!
Root Beer Float Ice Cream Cake | www.tasteandtellblog.com
10 Upcoming Exhibitions in Chicago That You Have to See
Switch
PINK PEPPERCORN – CHERRY CAKE
.
#clarks | #newbyfly | #boots | Instagram photo by @Kings Arms Lisa Gordon
Famous Gardens - Museum Paulista, Brazil
Merca Animal Tote in Natural - Accessories from Clarks | #clarks | #leopard | #tote | #fallstyle
.
Ham & Cheese Breakfast Casserole. Made with bread, pancetta, Gruyere, and eggs. It's rich, eggy, and unbelievably, incredibly delicious. It may just be the very best brunch casserole you've ever made!
Instagram photo by @chepa3063 | #clarks | #oxfords | #brogues
©Hossein Zare
#clarks | #ootd | #boots | Instagram photo by @asalingabrielle
Pumpkin Pecan Scones with Brown Butter Glaze
I love her color choices ~ Helen Philipps
The family started noticing mold on their walls in fall of 2011, around the same time Libby first got sick
▶ Depeche Mode - Personal Jesus (Remastered Video) - YouTube
Holiday Styles at OshKosh B'gosh with 25% Off Coupon #OshKoshBgosh #MC #sponsored - We Have It All
Celebrating American Modernist Georgia OKeeffe   Happy Birthday!  photo
8 Amazing Breakfast Recipes For Christmas Morning -  We tested every recipe and they all taste wonderful! #Recipes #Breakfast #Breakfast Rec...
Clarks Holiday 2013 | #mensshoes | #holiday | #giftideas
Milind Mulick
Brown Sugar Shortbread with Smoked Sea Salt via Sift & Whisk
Spinach Mozzarella Croissants - delicious meal or appetizer!
Title : Jazzy Abstract painting by D.U.R.A Acrylic on 20" x 20" canvas www.dura-artspace.com
Inexpensive, Unique, & Homemade Valentine Gift Ideas!
~~Snow Geese ~ Bosque del Apache National Wildlife Refuge, Socorro County, New Mexico by Robert Chura~~
Tang Wei Min
Caslynn Lizzie in Tomato Red Nubuck - Womens Sandals from Clarks | Tropical Safari | spring trends
Slow Cooker Roasted Cajun Pecans - These Cajun Pecans have a little kick.  They are a great compliment to sweet treats. http://recipesforourdailybread.com/2014/03/16/gooseberry-cookbook-giveaway-3-recipe-reviews-2/  #chocolate #slow cooker #crock-pot @Fiona I Like Gooseberries Patch
From  Gooseberry Patch  - an easy recipe for Vanilla-Brown Sugar Scrub and printable label/gift tag!
Mommy's Kitchen - Old Fashioned & Southern Style Cooking: Quick Fluffy Dinner Rolls {Potluck Sunday} & A Giveaway Winner
Moon, Milky Way, Song Saa Island, Cambodia
Gooseberry Patch Recipes: Carrot Cake from Our Best Comfort Food
Fara Adele in Off White Leather - Womens Shoes from Clarks
Quick Lunchbox Cake | Top 10 Freezer Friendly Make Ahead Recipes from Gooseberry Patch
Sloppy Joe Nachos with Doritos
Avocado Yogurt Dressing and Dip
Ricotta cheesecake
Peanut Butter Chiffon Pie with Macerated Strawberries and Pretzel Crust - 10th Kitchen
Incredible Whipped Apple Pie - the perfect no bake dessert!
Ice Cream Filled Vanilla Cupcakes via www.diethood.com
Blitz Puff Pastry
Haunted contemporary photography | video | performance - Guggenheim Museum. Strange!!
Darmi. She lives in Norway. Is born in Etiopia. TONE LEPSOES PICTURES.
bacon and sweet corn ice cream sandwiches
Yummy S’mores Dessert Dip using only 3 simple ingredients!
$169 ‘Blue Stripe Clock’ is a unique metal art clock. This design is made from a single sheet of #metal expertly grinded and tinted and made in to a functional #clock. The main feature of this piece is the bright blue stripe in the middle of the gray sheet of metal. The shade of blue the stripe is similar to the color of the deep ocean. And like the #ocean, it has an element of mysteriousness surrounding the piece. #ModernCrowd #ModernDecor #ContemporaryDecor #UrbanArt #BlueStripeClock
Authentic German Plum Cake with Streusel #Recipe Perfect for Fall
Slow Cooker Taco Soup! One of our favorite #CrockPot soups
Autumn Leaf Wreath Cheese Platter. theyummylife.com
6 Easy Casserole Recipes: Chili & Biscuits from Gooseberry Patch
http://www.dreamstime.com/Billyruth03_portfolio_pg1#res246662
Country Girl City Fashion | Clarks heels
Black Mission Fig Clafoutis
DIY Mini Skulls Vase Filler inspired Pottery Barn
Strawberry Chip Cookies... A cake mix cookie recipe
Crock Pot Swedish Meatballs ~ Quick and Easy Swedish Meatballs for a busy weeknight!
Pumpkin White Chocolate Pots de Creme | siftandwhisk.com
Carrot Cake Oatmeal Cookies
Sewing | Sewing Tutorials | Upcycle old t-shirts into super comfy and adorable t-shirt dresses for girls!
Caramel Toffee Crunch Cheesecake
Dragon pattern wallpaper
DIY Crafts | Christmas | Check out how to make these super simple Mod Podge Christmas ornaments!
Easy Microwave Peanut Brittle Recipe - makes a wonderful homemade Christmas gift!
We have turned our favorite holiday recipe for Cheesy  Broccoli Cauliflower Casserole into a delicious crock pot recipe to save room in the oven this holiday season!
http://www.rgbstock.com/gallery/ba1969 http://www.freeimages.com/profile/ba1969 http://www.dreamstime.com/Billyruth03_portfolio_pg1#res246662 http://www.thinkstockphotos.com/search/#%27Billy%20Alexander%27/f=CPIHVX/s=DynamicRank http://www.zazzle.com/billyruth3 God Bless You! :-)~ Billy
Make your busy weeknights a little easier with this Chicken Taco Soup. Just let it simmer away in your slow cooker all day, and dinner is done!
http://www.rgbstock.com/gallery/ba1969 http://www.freeimages.com/profile/ba1969 http://www.dreamstime.com/Billyruth03_portfolio_pg1#res246662 http://www.thinkstockphotos.com/search/#%27Billy%20Alexander%27/f=CPIHVX/s=DynamicRank http://www.zazzle.com/billyruth3 God Bless You! :-)~ Billy
Sage and Sparkle | Clarks brogues
ballerina-and-lady-with-a-fan-1885; Who Would Have Guessed? Edgar Degas Was Kind Of An Asshole
Winter Layers | Levitate Style | Clarks Desert Boots
Reformation Acre's Essential Guide To Raw Milk: Why You Should Drink It & Over 115 Recipes for Using It
Crock Pot Cheeseburgers on Pretzel Rolls!
Sugar-Free Mocha Mint Shake - Intoxicated On Life
Peanut Butter Cup Rice Krispie Treats - peanut butter rice krispie treats with a layer of peanut butter cups in the middle and topped with chocolate
Mommy's Kitchen - Old Fashioned & Country Style Cooking: Summertime Strawberry Pie
Herbed Chicken Salad in Puff Pastry Cups - perfect for bridal luncheons and baby showers
This is a family favorite and is perfect for a summer chicken dish!
Top 5 Meat Lover's Meals - Get these delicious dinner recipes on Basilmomma.com
Jelly Filled Doughnuts
Tuscan Chicken Skillet - 45 minutes, one pan, dinner is done!
A group concerned about cell phone radiation has praised a recent House of Commons Committee report that concluded potential exposure radio frequency fields poses a serious public health issue. But a growing body of scientific evidence has not found a conclusive link between cell phone radiation and adverse health effects like brain cancer. File photo.
This Crock Pot Garlic Bacon Chicken is a quick dinner recipe and so delicious!
Chocolate Chip Ganache Blondies
Build a teepee. And all the other ideas here!
Healthy 3 Ingredient Flourless Pumpkin Cookies- Chewy, Easy,  quick and just three ingredients, these cookies have no butter, flour and can be completely sugar free! {vegan, gluten-free option}
Cracker Barrel Copycat Meatloaf
fall mantel - Google Search
How to Make a DIY Giant Loom | Fall For DIY
Are you looking for a great all day crock pot recipe? Our Crock Pot All Day Veggie Soup is a great  fix it and forget it meal. The leftovers freeze well and are a great go-to lunch if you freeze in individual portions.
roasted garlic butter bucatini with burst tomatoes
ghosts craft for preschooler
Cannoli Cupcakes | Recipes I Need @JB3RND19 make these for me please! :-) I love cannolis!
beef-enchilada-dip-DSC_6244-2.jpg (670×1009)
There's a nip in the air and the leaves are turning...it's autumn again! Back-to-school, homecoming, hayrides, county fairs, trick-or-treating and Turkey Day...so much fun, but so much to do!  Autumn in a Jiffy is just what you need...over 240 speedy recipes shared by moms like you. Most recipes are made with eight ingredients or less and are perfect for your busy family life.
Apple galettes with red currants or cranberries and walnut dough
CROCKPOT RECIPE | Thai Peanut Chicken ~ Just throw the simple ingredients in the slow cooker and serve over noodles for dinner. YUM!
Crock Pot Angel Pork Chops: If you are a fan of Angel Chicken you are going to love this creamy pork chop spin on one of our all time favorite recipes!
Ice Cream Cone Holder | #dessert #dark
Easy Cheese Bomb Bread -  Soft, buttery bread brushed with garlic butter and stuffed with CHEESE! So good, mindlessly easy, goofproof, and ready in 10 minutes! A hit with everyone!!
Caramel Cream Pie with Crispy Rice Topping // More Great Caramel Recipes: http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/caramel-recipes/1 #foodandwine
... pecan praline cheesecake ... recipe: http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/pecan-praline-cheesecake-with-caramel-sauce
31 Crockpot Freezer Meals for Busy Weeknights
A delicious mixture of tender, shredded chicken, peppers and onions piled on hoagie rolls with melted cheese. ~ http://www.fromvalerieskitchen.com/wordpress
Handmade Christmas–Part 3: Wooden Matching Game (Pegs and Cups)
Broiled Salmon with Honey and Garlic
Cinnamon Roll Coffee Cake is the perfect easy breakfast recipe to go with your favorite cup of coffee. This recipe would be a so simple to throw together for the holidays. #FolgersInIndy #ad
How-to Make Chocolate Bark /
One Pot Pasta Primavera:  A creamy, veggie loaded pasta that comes together easily in only one pot with only 7 ingredients! www.thereciperebel.com
Earl Grey Profiteroles with Dark Chocolate & Tonka Glaze and Honeyed Figs
MOM’S FAMOUS MEATLOAF!!!!!
Pink Patisserie: Chocolate Orange Zucchini Doughnuts
Instant Pot Italian Sausage Stew
Skillet Baked Ziti with Sausage and Peppers
Roasted Cauliflower & Cheddar Soup from www.twopeasandtheirpod.com #recipe #vegetarian
Italian Potato-Sausage Soup
Crockpot Lemon Burst Cake Recipe! ~ from TheFrugalGirls.com ~ this simple Slow Cooker cake is so easy to make, moist, and delicious!! #slowcooker #recipes #thefrugalgirls
nocarbpizza
20+Mommy-Daughter+Dates
Caramel Fruit Dip
Italian Hoagie Dip
No-Bake Chocolate Peanut Butter Coconut Bites
Ancho Chile & Cacao Nib Ice Cream | siftandwhisk.com
St Honoré at La Pâtisserie des Rêves | Marylebone & South Kensington | Recommended by HYHOI.com | Have You Heard Of It? blog
ambrosia: Buttermilk Vanilla Cake with Nutella Frosting
Just like the popular snack mix, these cookies are PERFECTION!
Panna Cotta via Bakers Royale
rose pistachio cookies
Ice Cream Sandwiches | #people #action #dessert #light
Peanut Butter Cake with Butterfinger "Blizzard" frosting and peanut butter ganache.
Olive Oil & Sea Salt Brownie Cookies // butterlustblog.com
Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole
Stuffy? Sniff this. It's a natural remedy for stuffy noses. It can relieve sinus pressure and even headaches—breathe from the jar of seven herbs and essential oils, or mix into hot water for a steam treatment.
Taco Salad
Puffins! Pancake muffins make for an easy brunch - thanks to Chica and Jo for sharing!
Pizza Cupcakes are the perfect little meal or appetizer. They are easy to customize to suit everyone's tastes!
Cinnamon sugar radish chips: a super easy snack option to satisfy your sweet tooth! They also taste delicious as greek yogurt toppings #sweet #snack #summer
Birthday Cake Popcorn
Is your home negatively impacting your health? Consider these 10 suggestions for keeping your home safe and healthy!
OMG Soft Batch Chocolate Chip Cookies! Pure Nirvana!
These cheesy Meatball Sliders are an easy appetizer recipe for game day. Make them for your next party!
An easy recipe for Chocolate Zucchini Bread. This is so GOOD!
This chic appetizer with cooked shrimp and zesty lime juice would be right at…
Architecture of a Mom: How to Gild Acorns - Easy Fall Decor on a Budget
Gooseberry Patch Recipes: Maple Praline Chicken from Slow Cooker to the Rescue Cookbook
Cheesy BBQ Chicken and Rice
This Crock Pot Sausage, Green Beans and Potatoes is an instant family favorite!
Whether you’re a busy mom about town or a working gal on-the-go, stand out this fall with a stunning pair of leather boots that are as comfortable as they are stylish. Made with high-quality authentic leather in a gorgeous caramel color, these Clarks Women’s Mission Brynn Boots are sure to make you fall for the new season!
SKILLET BEEF AND BROCCOLI RAMEN
Crock Pot Lemon Garlic Chicken
Companion Planting Guide--Which Garden Plants Grow Well Together? {Free Printable from OneCreativeMommy.com} #companionplanting
Spiced cupcakes are filled with fresh apples and then topped with caramel sauce and a thick caramel icing
Whether it is a salad or a dessert, this strawberry pretzel salad recipe is always a hit.
Crab Imperial Appetizers
yum yum by Cooking with Books
Colorful hoody from Mekdes
peanut butter buttercream bonbons
Nils Nova
Nutella peanut butter cookies!
Homemade Cookie Butter Peanut Butter
Individual Chocolate and Peanut Butter Bundt Cakes
Peanut Butter Banana Pancakes with Nutella Syrup
Healthier Sloppy Joes
meal plan tips to get started
Dairy Free Low Carb Chocolate Ice Cream with No Sugar Added / sugarfreemom.com
Banana Peanut Butter Swirl Muffins #Muffins #PeanutButter #Banana
Gluten free rhubarb apple pie, perfect blend of sweet and tart.
Our Thrifty Ideas: 3 Ingredient Peanut Butter Fudge
The Ultimate Peanut Butter Frosting!
This healthier peanut butter pie is made better for you with natural peanut butter, just a little honey and a grain-free chocolate crust! #glutenfree #grainfree #peanutbutter
Crock Pot Mongolian Beef - SO simple and delicious. It will be a new favorite! Recipe on { lilluna.com }
three-ingredient-muffins
Hexagon Quilt Tutorial
http://www.skinnytaste.com/2014/03/chicken-and-asparagus-lemon-stir-fry.html
No-Bake Strawberry Chocolate Tart-2
This Raspberry Peach Bellini Iced Tea is a delicious game time drink, and it's so quick and easy to make! Enjoy one while you cheer on your team!
Slow Cooker Freezer Meals: Makes 8 Meals in 1 Hour | Six Sisters' Stuff
Cheesy Hashbrown Casserole - Shugary Sweets
Oh, you are going to want one of these! This is the stuff dreams are made  of!
Strawberry & Coconut Breakfast Casserole
Crock-Pot Lobster Bisque [via CrockPotLadies.com] - A warm and rich creamy soup full of flavor and tender chunks of lobster meat. Easy to prepare but this recipe will surely impress anyone you serve it to!
Shortbread Cookies
Slow Cooker Chicken Bacon Ranch Sandwiches on SixSistersStuff.com
Parmesan Cheddar Basil Bites are a delicious appetizer perfect for any event or party!
Baked Banana Chips without added sugar- just bananas baked with a bit of lemon juice. Perfect snack for hiking, travel, or work!
Leather and Pearl Necklace Natural Brown Dyed by ShoreAdore
Clinique Beyond Perfecting Foundation + Concealer Alabaster
blueberry pie recipe
Healthy No Bake Superfoods Breakfast Cookies- Ready in just 5 minutes and packed full of healthy ingredients to keep you satisfied for hours! {vegan, gluten free, refined sugar free recipe}
Fudgy homemade brownie topped with a silky layer of peanut butter cheesecake. If you love peanut butter and chocolate together, you’ll LOVE these peanut butter cheesecake brownies!
Roasted Brussels Sprouts and Squash with Dried Cranberries and Dijon Vinaigrette -- the perfect side dish for #Thanksgiving!
Skillet Chicken Caprese
How to Start Square Foot Gardening
Poor Little It Girl - J.Crew Gingham Shirt, GAP Black Crop Pants, Forever 21 Black Suede Slingback Heels
10 Stylish shelves that you can make yourself.
30 minute CHICKPEA Sweet Potato BUDDHA Bowls! A complete meal packed with protein, fiber and healthy fats with a STELLAR Tahini Lemon Maple Sauce! #vegan #glutenfree #healthy
Dividing plants a guide to why, when, which & how.  Very thorough explanation with a terrific cheat sheet for common perennials.  Come have a look & bookmark the cheat sheet.
Here's a real baby essentials list -- the bare minimum you need to get by! Though I do throw in some of my favorite "non-essentials" at the end!
naan tikka masala pizza
4-Ingredient Cloud Bread Recipe {Gluten-Free, Carb-Free} - This is really simple to make but has tons of uses. I love that I can finally eat bread again on my low carb diet!
Whole30 Banana Almond Chia Pudding
50 More Phonics Cards (FREE) - This Reading Mama
30 Gorgeous Fall Wreaths - Lydi Out Loud
You only need 4 simple ingredients to make these no-bake Chocolate Peanut Butter Cracker Bars.
This Easy Swiss Steak is a low-fat dinner loaded with tomato flavor.
Baked Breakfast casserole
Freshen up your stinky carpet with this DIY Carpet Freshener via Clean Mama
17 Awesome Money-Saving Apps--17 great apps for earning rewards, saving on (almost) everything, and organizing your finances!
Cashew Crusted Chicken Fingers
Beef Barley Soup (Slow Cooker) - The Food Charlatan
“Good morning sunshine!!! Enjoy the Sunday following Labor Day to celebrate the end of the summer. #dealoceanlnnj #dealnj #jerseyfarm #jerseyshore…”
This REALLY works.This is the perfect bottle for storing this Super Stubborn Stain Remover MadeFromPinterest.net
Nanny's Chocolate Fudge Brownie Cake is a keeper recipe! Easy to make and perfect for chocolate lover's. | Lovefoodies.com
Chicken Pot Pie Casserole
Be Inspired
Grilled Pineapple and Coconut Guacamole | girlversusdough.com
If you like Teddy Grahams, you will love to wear these food jewelry, hand crafted polymer clay pieces!    You can list if you would like the
Sew a Water Bottle Holder
Lana Prins | Tumblr
S'mores Cookie Cups from SixSistersStuff.com.  A graham cracker cookie crust filled with gooey marshmallow and topped with chocolate! #sixsistersstuff #recipe
sleep book
Chess Squares
These Cheesy Party Burgers are so fun! Great to serve to a crowd or just to make dinner fun. Perfect for parties because you can make them the night before and cook the next day. If you want to start the party, make these Cheesy Party Burgers!!
Scotcharoos Recipe-These things are AMAZING! I can eat the whole pan in a day.
Frozen Jello Punch from Marty's Musings
Lazy Quilters Quilt, Sewing, Crib Quilt
Roasted Red Pepper Hummus Pinwheels
Books that Teach Kids About the Writing Process - This Reading Mama
Have you ever searched for what you can get for free? I’m not talking about anything unsubstantial. What if I told you, that you could get something of more value for free? Well you can!  Just recently I had been on a quest of sorts to find what I can get for free.  I was surprised at what I have found, and I think you will be to!  You may have heard of some of these, but they are definitely worth mentioning for those who do not know about them. I’m especially excited about all the amazing co...
make ahead smoothie recipe
Creamy mushroom and asparagus pasta that's entirely gluten free and requires just 30 minutes to prepare! A hearty, quick, and flavorful plant-based meal.
It is easy keep your outdoor Fall Mums healthy and extend their blooming time with this clever watering tip!/ timewiththea.com
Healthy No Bake BREAKFAST Brownies- Loaded with chocolate and super fudgy…
An amazingly cheesy and creamy dip with just a hit of heat. The best part is that you can enjoy it guilt-free. It’s so tasty, you’ll want to eat it like soup!
This hearty bread is so easy to make, and it's full of healthy ingredients like chia seeds and whole wheat flour.
Where to buy Wholesale Raglan (Baseball) Shirts
FREE! Adorable baby mary janes crochet pattern! | www.1dogwoof.com
35-minute Teriyaki Salmon Steaks
Crockpot Potatoes Au Gratin with Ham...thinking about Thanksgiving leftover ideas!
Spinach and Cheese Breakfast Casserole
Homemade Bubble Wands
Kosher Chicken And Sausage Paella
30+ {Busy} 1 Year Old Activities | Kids Activities Blog
Website where you can type in text and it will turn it into a shape! Perfect for poetry writing.
Spinach potato nest bites #vegetarian #passover #Spinach #appetizer #Jewish Holidays #Kosher
Free "Go Jump in the Lake" Printables | Three Color Choices | Instant Downloads
Fresh summer corn salsa #vegan #vegetarian #healthy #kosher #recipe #salsa #corn #summer #memorialDay #4thofJuly
Adorable Watermelon Card (Free Silhouette Studio Cut File) ~ Silhouette School
Easy Dinner Idea: Oven Baked Meatball Sandwiches
Be sure not to touch the soap while it's setting up.
watercolor alphabet letters | angiemakes.com
How to Hang Patio String Lights
NOTES
RUSSIAN TEA BALL COOKIES - StoneGable
THE BEST Vegan Apple Crisp with a Pecan-Oat Topping, 1 Bowl, and NATURALLY SWEETENED! #vegan #apple #fall #thanksgiving #dessert #applecrisp #recipe
Gluten Free Almond Biscotti
This is the real deal—everything you imagine a classic cheesecake recipe to be. Creamy, rich, and yummy!
Simply Scrumptious Slouch Hat | Free Crochet Pattern
Love these open when letter topics! Makes my life easier for deployment
college students style - Google Search
DIY Bath Salts using essential oils
Paleo Muffins
31 Healthy Crockpot Freezer Meals
Loaded Chicken and Potatoes Casserole tastes AMAZING!  My husband asked me for more before his serving was gone!
Creamy Tomato Soup with Brown Butter Garlic Croutons I howsweeteats.com
Sweet & Sour Chinese Dip
What it is:A lipstick with a satin, matte finish that delivers full coverage in one coat.  What it does:Bésame Cosmetics’ Classic Color Lipsticks feature retro-inspired, smooth lip colors that provide a budge-proof finish that stays put, while
At this time of year, you see a lot of zucchini recipes. People with gardens are over-run with zucchini and eager to use them up. They start putting zucchini in everything from soup to cake in a de…
IMG_8681copy-small.jpg 400×600 pixels
How to make strawberry roses! These gorgeous roses are so quick & easy to make... anyone can do it!  They take less than 2 minutes each!
Peppermint Brownie Trifle - brownie cubes and no bake cheesecake layered with peppermint chips is a pretty and delicious holiday dessert trifle.
The best sauce to use over seafood, veggies, chicken, or pasta! This healthy seafood dinner of fresh cod and creamy roasted red pepper sauce baked a top of fresh veggies is super delicious! | littlebroken.com @littlebroken
New to Sensory Processing Disorder - Full List of Resources to Start With
Peanut Butter Coconut Rice Krispie Treats (with gluten-free, vegan and whole grain options)
Funeral Rolls are simply the best sandwich and so easy to make.  My husband loves this appetizer!
white wash pickled finish
Southern State of Mind: {Jacqueline Kennedy Inspired} No-Sew Vintage Scarf Table Runner
chocolate espresso cake2 (1 of 1)
Tropical Beauty of Brazil
This one-bowl Chocolate Banana Applesauce Cake is made without oil or butter and is perfect for snacking! | MomOnTimeout.com
This Colorful Rice Salad tastes great with Smoked Turkey on Challah Rolls.
Pecan Pie Coffee Cake
DIY Grapefruit Bath Bombs made from just 6 ingredients and only require 5 minutes to make. Take your baths to the next level with these homemade treats.
Brown Sugar and Bacon Green Beans from SixSistersStuff.com
Over 50 Easy Cheesy Appetizer Recipes - from elegant to ooey gooey, everything you need for a holiday party, tailgate, or watching the big game at home. Dips, finger food, and much more! | cupcakesandkalechips.com
Invitation template!  www.littlemindsatwork.blogspot.com
This blog posts freebies every Friday.  Here is their latest.
Thank you to all those who entered the Fresh Start Giveaway.  The Winners Are….
Fun First Grade Blog
A Gift from Casablanca-Morocco
This worksheet follows Bill Nye's Water Cycle video.  There are 14 questions that go with the video, and also a summary question at the end of the ...
For your students who love things with wheels! Match the 9 community helpers to their form of transportation. FREE
Great book for superlatives and   -er & -est
A new clipboard site just for teachers & students is being developed.  Still in beta, you can't add items yet, but ask for an invitation NOW.  http://educlipper.kickofflabs.com/?kid=CKH2  Opportunity is knocking!
FREE Scavenger Hunt Riddles is designed to get your kiddos up and moving as they practice coin values and combinations (as well as a bit of reading). St...
This TED Talks presentation from 2008 by eminent "rock star" physicist Brian Cox explains the work being done at the CERN supercollider, the role of the modern particle physicist and the elusive and illustrious Higgs particle. The viewing guide contains ten questions, a detailed answer guide, an extension activity and Common Core standards.
Word of the Day Set 1 # 3 Third Grade is ready on my blog. Come and see.
Split Pea Soup with Ham Hock.
FREE Reading Motivation Charts
The Best of Teachers Pay Teachers: FREE MISC. LESSON - “Dos and Don’ts of Open House Parent to Teacher Info Sheet FREEBIE”
Positively Learning
FREE MISC. LESSON - “The First Week of School Forms/Handouts” at The Best of Teacher Entrepreneurs
Teachers pay Teachers.com Newsletter.  Volume 115.  Grab the ten free downloads from the newsletter.
Photosynthesis Homework Assignments - Set of 3.  This is a set of three different homework assignments on photosynthesis. I most often use these as homework assignments to help the students review the concepts we went over in class, but each of these would also make a great quiz.  $
$1.50 - Circulatory System Foldable
Category Sorting Independent Task - Free Printable on Blog
Freebie! Perfect printables for your solids, liquids and gases unit!  This pack includes individual KWL charts for solids, liquids, and gases.  ...
The students design their own Easter egg.  After coloring, they have to make a list of adjectives.  They choose two adjectives from their list and ...
All Things Upper Elementary- Great new blog with many amazing teachers!
FREE Secret Stories Fall Reader!  Download NOW!!  This "too cute for words" 'Guided' reader is available for a limited time.  "Follow" on Teachers Pay Teachers (and Pinterest!) for notification of Free Download Windows for initial postings!!  ......First in an upcoming series of SECRET STORIES Readers, all "SECRET" sound patterns are highlighted! "In the Fall" targets the "al" SECRET/ pattern in RED, while 'Mommy e' and her 'Babysitter Vowels' are pretty-in-PINK, and all Outlaw Words in BLACK!
Bringing the Common Core to life through innovative and creative teaching. Come explore the Common Core... Visit us at http://sergidralus.blogspot.com/#
FREEBIE Let it Snow: ow as long o vowel sound game
FREE LANGUAGE ARTS LESSON - “Literacy Center Game - Sink My Letter!” - Go to The Best of Teacher Entrepreneurs for this and hundreds of free lessons.  http://thebestofteacherentrepreneurs.blogspot.com/2013/01/free-language-arts-lesson-literacy.html
Electricity - Science Word Wall Cards
This collection of 8 quotes can be used to create an attractive and thought provoking display in your classroom or school. They also make great writing prompts. FREE
FREE SOCIAL STUDIES LESSON - “Free United States Clip Art: Presidents, Eagle Symbol, and U.S. Flag” - Go to The Best of Teacher Entrepreneurs for this and hundreds of free lessons.  http://thebestofteacherentrepreneurs.blogspot.com/2013/01/free-social-studies-lesson-free-united.html
Freebie!  Solids, Liquids and Gases KWL charts.
Follow Directions 2: Lesson 4, Book 22 (Newitt Nonfiction Series)
Blog post about an easy bulletin board/book review project we did today to celebrate books we LOVE!
$3 This is a comprehensive activity package for young children. It celebrates a special holiday AND addresses Science and Health topics. February 1...
Solar System Word Wall Cards
This freebie includes both ABC Order and Make-a-Word printables that use African American Heroes. The students also practice handwriting as the answer blanks are handwriting lines.
This unit of study takes your students through a discovery of rocks and minerals. Students work in teams of geologists as they make observations about the properties of rocks. Technology is integrated through various websites. Most of these lessons can be done independently or with teams or partners.  Discovery Education is also used to secure concepts and add depth to content.  National Geographic Science was used as a reference for this unit of study. ($4.00)
FREE Motivational Goal Quotes in Laura Candler's store on TpT - Great for goal-setting in January!
Velcro Dots and Popsicle Sticks~  So easy, even I can do this!  Kids use the set to make letters, "build" a rainbow, or be quietly creative anywhere they go!
FREE MISC. LESSON - “March Connections” - Go to The Best of Teacher Entrepreneurs for this and hundreds of free lessons. http://thebestofteacherentrepreneurs.blogspot.com/2012/02/free-misc-lesson-march-connections.html
FREE LANGUAGE ARTS LESSON - “Red, White, and Blue: Irregular Plural Nouns” - Go to The Best of Teacher Entrepreneurs for this and hundreds of free lessons. http://thebestofteacherentrepreneurs.blogspot.com/2013/02/free-language-arts-lesson-red-white-and.html
"Fun DATA!" has students create data, collect data, represent data, and interpret data--all with ordinary classroom items in not-so-ordinary ways!  ...
This free product introduces divisibility rules (divisibility tests) with a fun-to-use poem that your students will love, followed by a worksheet in which the poetry is applied to an example.  A creative and unique mathematical product, it leads into "Divisibility Rule Poetry - Worksheets, Keys, and Mastery Tests", which ensures students will learn the rules in five days or less and never forget them.  This and other divisibility rule poetry products are available at Teachers Pay Teachers.
Simply Second Grade Science is an 80 page download of science activities that are aligned with the following Common Core State Standards for 2nd grade:    2.P.1.1 Understand the relationship by vibrating objects and columns of air   2.P.2.1 Understand properties of solids and liquids and the changes they undergo   2.E.1.1 Understand patterns of weather and factors that affect weather   2.L.1.1 Understand animal life cycles  $15.99
Visit us!  www.secretsofthesecondgradesisters.blogspot.com
This assignment is on The Classification Systems of Living Organisms. I use this as a homework assignment, but it also makes a wonderful study guide for a chapter test on classification. It consists of 44 questions of varying formats. I usually break it up and use it for several homework assignments. There are fill in the blank, multiple choice, and completion questions. Pictures and diagrams are included that will greatly enhance student understanding of this material.
FREE My Editing Checklist - 1 sheet. I used this with my 3rd, 4th and 5th grade students to help them review and improve their writing. If any of their boxes are checked "NO" they must go back and correct the mistakes and check the "CORRECTED" box after they have fixed their mistakes.  I kept this sheet at our Writing Center and also had students use them for Writing Homework assignments.
$3 GR 4-6 = Four Hands-on Electricity Science Centers on Circuits, Conductors, and Insulators - Great detailed instructions w/ pictures
This Power Point is used to introduce essential vocabulary for ordering food in a restaurant.  This lesson can be utilized for level 1-3 Spanish an...
Celebrating American Printable File Folder Games - PK-K or
Rocks and Minerals Unit product from Trina Dralus on TeachersPayTeachers.com
Students will have fun reading another favorite book, “Junie B., First Grader: Toothless Wonder” by Barbara Park. Questions for each chapter are given to assist students with skills needed to make progress in common core standards.
Physical activity helps improve test scores and looking at images of nature reduces anxiety. Prepare students before a test with this visual/physical exercise activity.
This mini unit encourages a cleaner better Earth and includes:     -Love Your Earth {An Earth Day Mini Unit} Cover    -Recycle, Reuse, and Reduce Print...
Mentor Sentences Part 2  on how to implement them in your classroom- examples on lesson activities
antonym chart
End of the School Year - Packing Up My Year in Kindergarten Memory Book and Craftivity $
Freebie Feature! Data Collection Activity
My Living Invention:  Six Characteristics of Living Things - Students' imaginations run wild as they create a living thing based on the characteristics of living things! $1.00
I will be giving away one of my new "Teacher Totebooks" from my TPT store!  To view the details, please visit my blog:  evelynstevenson.blogspot.com    To be eligible, you must follow the three steps listed in my blog.  You will also get one of my freebies from my store.  Good luck!
Lets Build: A Plant Cell - Build a plant cell with your students while learning the organelles and their functions!
This is a FREE sample  from my new book. A-Z Picture book Movement Activities and Much More!     Part One “A-N”  40 pages    Each book has a summary, U...
Addition Tic Tac Toe FREEBIE from Games 4 Learning combines the fun of Tic Tac Toe and with practice of basic addition facts.
FREE Zebra Print Apple Clip Art!!
Ms. Beattie: How To Make Ice Cream Writing
Technology is vitally important in today’s classroom as we need to keep up with the knowledge and interests of our tech savy students. Part 1 – Online simulations. Some labs are simply not practical or possible to do in the classroom but you still want to get your kids some hands-on experience, what can you do?
$0 - Freebie - Pirate Themed Word Wall
This is a plant unit for K-2.   It contains: 5 mini books graphic organizers 4 science experiments with journal pages for each 1 poetry lesson 2 wo...
Here is a set of 50 task cards for your students to discover information about our planets.
Two Free Money Assessments for Second Grade Common Core. These are a part of a larger unit titled Money Monsters. Fun!
Army Holds Annual Bring Your Daughter To War Day
Teach children about ecology - care for environment, conserve energy and water games, turn the basics 5 Rs philosophy into habits, make craft using recycled materials, create awareness on endangered animal species.
The Mitosis Flip Book Activity is designed to get kids really looking at the process of mitosis in a hands-on way.  This activity will get your students creatively engaged and interested in the process of mitosis.  Furthermore, it will provide them with a fantastic study tool, as well as the practice and review needed to fully comprehend the topic. $2.00
Read~Write~Create
Fathers Day read alouds, and a book writing project. Includes free graphic organizer!
Make money selling your educational resources online! Click here to find out how you can make some extra money each month simply by selling your ready made educational resources online!
This is a free, editable lesson plan template that follows the Danielson framework for teaching. Easy to use; just save as a word document, edit, a...
Free today 6/17!! two variations of the rule posters so that you can find the one that matches your classroom best. Rules poster, group/partner discussion cards for first week/month activities, response student sheets, locker/cubby name labels, classroom labels, desk name plates and SUPER ABC cards for your Word Wall.
FREE DOWNLOAD THROUGH THE FOURTH OF JULY!!!  THANK YOU FOR LEAVING FEEDBACK!!! :)  This fun PowerPoint teaches kids to recognize the numbers on dice without counting the dots.
Reader input needed at One Less Headache! We are looking for questions for ask us at OLH and we are also looking for guest bloggers. Please join us!
It's Christmas in July!!
Space Book Craftivity - This is a craftivity that focuses on nonfiction facts about the earth, moon, stars, sun, and astronauts. $
ELA Common Core Academic Vocabulary Word Wall Cards - Wild About Fifth Grade
20 2x2 Flashcard picture squares that pertain to rocks and minerals science vocabulary. Print two copies for a matching task or memory game. Print ...
Have your students use this graphic organizer after they have read a fiction text. They will write the character name on the line and draw a pictur...
This "SUPER-ific" Number Word Practice Pack FREEBIE includes everything you need to help your students practice number words 0-10 in a variety of w...
This lab is designed to guide the student through the engineering design process in a really fun and easy way!  Students must work together as a team to create an efficient way to protect a Pringle from a drop of 2 meters. The only materials that are required are a large can or two of Pringles, lots of newspapers, and some type of tape.   My students had a lot of fun with this activity, and I loved that it was so cheap and simple to prep!  $
4 pages  Round the numbers to the nearest ten (21 items) Round the  numbers to the nearest hundred (21 items) Round the  numbers to the nearest hun...
This 18 page packet includes the following: - Cover Page - 1 page Information for the Teacher - 4 pages Lesson Plan - 2 pages Content Information f...
"THE BIRTHDAY GAME!" - YOUR WHOLE CLASS CELEBRATES AND LEARNS NEW SKILLS!  Use this fun GROUP GAME to teach Printed Name Recognition, Birthdates, Street Names, and even Phone Numbers!  Candle Template and song notes for a fun 6-note song are included.  Make a "Living Birthday Cake" - made out of your kids!  LANGUAGE ARTS FUN FOR YOUR CIRCLE TIME!  Write down their special 'Birthday Wishes' to send home to parents, for a glimpse of life in your fun classroom!  (7 pages)  $
FREEBIE!  33 individual name labels - ideal for non/emergent readers.
Did you know that a polar bear can swim up to 100 miles non-stop? Did you know that a polar bear doesn't hibernate like other bears do in the winter? The polar bear is in trouble! Warming temperatures has cause a decrease in the sea ice-something the polar bear needs to survive. The polar bear needs our help! Learn about this amazing mammal with this fun and informative webquest Additional extension activities and resources are also provided.  $3.00
This 20 page lesson plan packet on Helen Keller with Literacy Activities is designed to provide 1-2 days of instruction and activities and includes...
A comprehensive 38-slide PowerPoint presentation introducing Ancient Greece. Detailed and thorough. Easy to follow. With FREE student note-taking pages.
This activity is based on my beginning of the year book: Doors in the Air. I do a read aloud with "Doors in the Air," and then discuss the story an...
FREE LANGUAGE ARTS LESSON - “Adding -er and -est SmartBoard Lesson for Primary Grades” - Go to The Best of Teacher Entrepreneurs for this and hundreds of free lessons.  #FreeLesson   #TeachersPayTeachers   #TPT   #LanguageArts   http://thebestofteacherentrepreneurs.blogspot.com/2011/06/free-language-arts-product-adding-er_22.html
Permutations and Combinations Worksheet  18 Word problems   A R Mathematics...
ANYONE CAN LEARN MATH. FOLLOW ME! ...
Free! Plural/Possessive Noun Poster- Those plurals and possessives nouns can be tricky! Use this poster to help students remember when to use 's or s' or...
This is a freebie!  This is a basic thank you letter writing form.  It can be used to thank parent volunteers, chaperones, student teachers, etc.  Students can write their own original ideas make their own and pictures. Enjoy!  See more at my store!!
20 2x2 picture squares with a real life seashell theme. These picture square pages can be cut apart and laminated for flashcards or choices to comp...
The Trouble with Learning Math Facts: The absence of math facts in a visual way as compared to literacy concepts.
Free Poster! This Day is Going to Be Awesome because.... #Freebie #TPT #teachers
Closed Form Sculpture: Intro to Buddhist Iconography. Teach students about the concepts iconography and closed form sculpture with the real-world example of Buddhist artwork. Then, instruct how to create a closed form sculpture with clay.
ANYONE CAN LEARN MATH. FOLLOW ME! ...
$1.50 Beavers are amazing creatures. Students will show off their knowledge about beavers after reading books or doing research. They will fill out graphic organizers, a diagram, and a  two page mini report with kid friendly lines.
WebQuest Collection:  The Aztec Empire
ANYONE CAN LEARN MATH. FOLLOW ME! ...
This is a 5 day unit that ends with an argumentative essay that answers the question Has the U.S. fulfilled Martin Luther King's Dream? It also inc...
These chapter questions are for the series Dragon Slayer Academy by Kate McMullan. It is for book 3 called "Class Trip to the Cave of Doom". $
Great Activity for all Students!  Use these in a variety of ways!  25 pages!  For some students or in a whole group instruction, students may fill ...
Free Editable Word Study Homework Letter!
Great for centers and early finishers! IPad/iPod/tablet activities! Make learning come to life using QR codes! Exploring Lewis and Clark using QR Codes 1st-5th $
Twin Sisters Speech & Language Therapy: TOP TEN LIST: Ten Tips To Clearer Speech Production
This beautiful PowerPoint on the War of 1812 includes lots of incredible visuals and excellent easy-to-follow notes on the major causes, events, and effects of the War of 1812! An awesome lesson plan for your social studies class!
Volcano experiment uses all areas for learning. Children will read while following directions, use math for measurement skills, interact socially in groups as well as observe the volcano explode.
FREE 7-Continent Song~  Easy way for students to memorize the continent names once and for all!
Set up your Literacy Centers with this pack. Has everything you need!!
This fantastic primary source reading tells the story of a young boy indentured himself to go to Jamestown colony, but was sold to the Powhatan Indians by John Smith. While there, he experienced countless amazing events and described how dangerous the New World was. A great story to use during a unit on Jamestown, Native Americans, or early US History. It is written in an lively style that will engage young readers and help them gain insight into both Native American life and Jamestown.
This pioneer workbooklet corresponds with my Pioneer Smartboard Lesson.  It can be used on its own or the students can follow along the with the le...
Weather + Water Cycle Word Wall Cards
Where in the U.S.A. Am I? Latitude and Longitude Practice • This package contains 9 pages.  • A printable map with the necessary information to answer the questions regarding latitude and longitude. • Includes practice and two quizzes in the “Where Am I” format •Answer Key
Back To School Number Tracing Cut and Paste Pre-K,K, Special Education, Autism-This Back To School Number Tracing cut and paste worksheet set will help the student learn to write, read and count from 1-10. Each page features a number. It allows the student to count the objects on the page, trace the number, then cut out the number and paste it in the right box.
A full day of academic, common core aligned activities for your sub teaching planning, or for you!  From  Subplanners.
This 2 page sort is perfect for your "Real Reader vs. Fake Readers" mini lesson. Students will identify the difference between “real” and “fake” re...
Have you ever noticed your students getting the "Hum Drums"? Do they get fidgety or lose concentration at certain times of the day? Do they look at you like..... "hey Teach, can we get up and move a little"!!!
Does Christopher Columbus deserve a national holiday? Introduce students to the mercantilism system as they put the historical figures on trial.  K...
Blast Off!  Over 100 pages Mega Solar System Unit!  Included are Solar System Posters, Word Wall, comprehension reading sheets, informational Solar...
Life in the West is a colorful 15 slide Power Point describing the customs and environment of the Makah, Great Basin, Pueblo, Navajo and Apache Indians. This beautiful presentation is a concise, well organized introduction to Native Americans for the younger student or a comprehensive review for a Native American unit.  This is a student tested lesson used by a middle school teacher.
Great Fall Freebie - Adjectives & QR codes
FREE!!  5-Pack of 8.5" x 11" Diagonal Patterns in Fall Colors
One, Two, Three: Math Time!
Great to intro kids to effects of pollution in our world. In "Purple Meets Freddy at the Lilly Pad ",(EBOOK)Freddy the Frog is very sad. His pond is littered with trash including soggy newspapers, a plastic milk jug and even an old sneaker. Purple and his friends meet Freddy and set out to lend Freddy a hand.  Grades 1-3,19 Pages,Aadarsh Publishing  http://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Product/Purple-Turtle-Stories-Purple-Meets-Freddy-at-Lily-PadEBOOK-849050
This is a Smart Notebook 11 FREEBIE file to help students learn pattern rules.  There is a "Pattern Machine" which has numbers going in and numbers...
Meet national and state standards with this easy-to-use CCSS Application Tool The tool moves students from lesson content into related actio...
Using Watch, Think, Color games to differentiate instruction!
FREE! Literature Circles - Vocabulary Study - This table can be used for independent or collaborative vocabulary study for students involved in literature circles.
Flash Freebie, tonight only!  My best selling solids, liquids and gases unit!
Primary Source Analysis Activity for Byzantine Emperor Justinian's Code. Great to implement a CCSS aligned primary source focused activity into your unit on the Byzantine Empire!
This Synonyms, Antonyms, and Homonyms Bundle contains the 3 color individual products plus a cover set.  There are 136 PowerPoint slides and each p...
Why buy a booklet of worksheets when you can get an endless supply? Every time you press F9 on the keyboard it will automatically change all of the numbers. It will also update the answer key to match. You will have an endless supply of new pages. This is a free download. If you like this, I have many other levels at my TpT store.
Did you know that the salute dates back to the time when knights would lift their visors to show who they were?  Did you know that the carousel was originally a training tool for those hoping to become knights or that people actually placed live birds in a pie(Sing a Song of Sixpence)?This unit includes notes, lots of activities and resources on the Middle Ages! http://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Product/Traveling-back-to-Medieval-Times  $3.00
the "morning meeting" hat
Did you know that a polar bear can swim up to 100 miles non-stop?The polar bear is in trouble! Warming temperatures has cause a decrease in the sea ice-something the polar bear needs to survive. The polar bear needs our help! Learn about this amazing mammal with this fun and informative webquest Additional extension activities and resources are also provided. http://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Product/Polar-Bears-A-Webquest-604 $3.00
Great for centers and early finishers! When buying this product, you get each single product for more than 50% off. IPad/iPod/tablet activities! What a great deal! Exploring Animals Bundle using QR Codes K-2 $
This is a freebie to go with a Farm Theme. It was created for Kindergarteners.  It works on listening and following one step directions. Colors are...
Fifth Grade • Daily Math Homework (For September)  It contains Homework for Monday through Thursday (No Friday's HW) (4 days/ week for 4 weeks)  It...
Top 100 physical education resource blog from Cap'n Pete  I'd give this to someone I know.....
The Energy Inside of Me!  {A Science Songbook & Reader}  9 student pages,  $
"The important thing is not to stop questioning." Albert Einstein...
Inferences Using Literature is a 61 page set that is loaded with everything you need to teach this very foundational reading strategy and includes student passages (Aesop's Fables, a Greek Myth and folktales from around the world), two sets of task cards, a game, activities and graphic organizers. This unit is Common Core based and targeted to cover RL 3.1, 4.1, and 5.1 in a fun and engaging way. I love this unit and hope you do too!
Kindergarten I Have, Who Has Game Bundle is intended to help students learn a variety kindergarten math and kindergarten ELA skills/words. $
Problem Solvers Aren't Born, They Are MADE (Blog Post)  Problem solving every day for 20 minutes, with a variety of problem types, and a focus on student's sharing their strategies made my students stronger problem solvers.  Here are 8 tips for making this happen.
Christmas Santa's List
Nocturnal Animal secret code word game... has answer sheets and a QR code option
Halloween Idea #3:  Halloween Art
Scientific Method: Lift the Flap activities are such a fun way to help students learn the scientific method.
Civil Rights Movement Resource Bundle - amazing collection of teaching resources, lesson plans, and more for an interactive visually engaging unit on the American Civil Rights Movement!
This product is used to teach/review classroom commands in Spanish. It consists of 16 vocabulary slides which double as flashcards/word wall, a TPR...
SUPERHERO - Classroom Theme - Labels signs and much more! - Over 180 pages! -
A short and funny reader's theatre script about the Underground Railroad.  Use this script as a reading strategy within your Civil War unit.  This ...
Common and Proper Noun sort and Flip Flap book
Come read my article entitled: Careless, Lazy and Unmotivated are Three Labels that Should be Banned from Education
Learn lots of fun facts about the ocean-Exploring the Ocean Blue: A Web quest, will introduce students to our oceans.There are nine informative web questions. Fun Facts, comprehension questions,extension activities and links.Use as part of a unit on oceans or as an activity for a Friday or before a vacation break. http://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Product/Oceans-Exploring-the-Ocean-Blue-A-WebquestExtension-Activities-705943 $3.00 Grades 5 and up.
Thank You For Being My Friend - Mentor Text Review.  Check out our website for more great reviews and teaching ideas!
My students love this game! Fun review of atoms and the periodic table!
Freedom Collage Powerpoint Project: This  PowerPoint presentation combines an original poem, historical photos with citations, and assigns a project to students to create their own presentation. I have asked students to create poetry from the presentation, create a collage of photos and a paragraph for American history class- this presentation would work well in an art class or as a mini lesson, too. Grades 6-12. $
Data analysis statistics and probability worksheets ,63 problems  SAT Review  Fraction and Data (29 Multiple choice questions)  Statistic Problem (...
Freebie! Thanksgiving letter discrimination for commonly reversed letters (b, d, p, & q)
FREEBIE! Your students will learn and practice plural nouns in a fun and engaging way with Pablo the penguin! Check out this mini book now!
Beginning Dec. 1, 2013 Preslar's Place will be hosting The 12 Days of Christmas Freebies Linky Party! Follow now to be the first to get TONS of FREEBIES for your classroom.
Here is a freebie from my December Graphic Organizers packet! Enjoy! Please leave feedback/comments!!!...
Thanksgiving Bingo - Create Your Own Luck FREEBIE!!!
Create, explore and play with Ranger Rick Jr. Appventures mobile app!
Types of Scientists. Cute & colorful posters.
The Civil War - A Unit Plan! 11 highly-engaging, authentic lessons!
FREEBIE Noun and Verb Sort Help Santa find his bags.
I love using real pictures in science...and so do my students! This includes 24 animal picture cards - 12 oviparous animals and 12 non oviparous animals. All pictures come with and without animal name labels. These cards are PERFECT for your Science Center! I've included sorting cards to sort the animals under, recording sheets and several printable activities that are ready to print and go! #oviparous #oviparousanimals #elementaryscience #lifescience
Fantastic, interactive lesson on the Columbian Exchange includes a 28-slide PowerPoint, worksheets, over 20 examples of New and Old World goods on cards, and a project in which students create lunch menus based on Old and New World foods!
Exposition Notes and Activities: Included in the seven pages of activities, ready to print and use, are your introductory notes defining and explaining the different aspects of exposition, student review questions and an activity to gauge their learning on the notes, graphic organizers and plotline triangles for your visually-inclined students, even a creative writing activity placing groups of students together to write their own story beginning- their own exposition. Grades 6-12. $
This 2 page reading and and fill in the blank worksheet features 2 word banks of 15 words each that students must understand and place into the correct space in the reading.  This makes for a great review of the Constitutional Convention, homework assignment, or preview before learning about the Constitution. The vocabulary includes the Virginia Plan, 3/5's Compromise, Great Compromise, Senate, James Madison, Federalist Papers, Northwest Ordinance, Shay's Rebellion, and more.
Bring the fascination of Egypt to the youngest readers with this simple, picture based informational text that exposes children to the foods of Egypt. This 13 page picture book is set up with limited, repetitive text featuring a variety of food that people eat in Egypt.    A series of thinking questions is at the end of the book. It also includes a Venn Diagram for students to complete.    This is the third book in my series of Egyptian Informational Texts for Beginning Readers.
Geometry Final Exam (40 Questions)  40 questions Multiple Choice Questions -Open Ended Questions - Short Answer Questions  Topics Covered: Points, ...
One way for the Social Studies to integrate the Common Core State Standards is through the study of primary sources and historical artwork. This can be difficult for middle schoolers. This task card kits breaks down the process into small activities that can be easily achieved. Inside you will find two task card kits: one for primary sources and one for artwork.
FREE - Santa Owl Christmas Tree - Color, Count & Graph Activity by Pink Cat Studio
Studying the Age of Exploration? This fun and informative webquest will be a great resource to use with your students(grades 4-8) There are 14 questions and lots of extension activities and links. There are also comprehension questions to use after the completion of the web quest. The resource addresses several common core standards.  http://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Product/Age-of-Discovery-Webquest-570773  $3.00
Water Resources Lapbook
Cookies and Cream Bark - a fast and easy candy recipe
This is a 13 slides Power Point presentation that covers Patterns and Inductive Reasoning. It contains two objectives: - Find and describe patterns...
